      Date:Tue, 19 Sep 2000 17:10:59 PDT
      To:May,
      qcshs75@yahoo.com
      From:Mila
      Subject:[qcshs-75] Greetings from Manila......
May

Hi...got your message request and we'll try to get you one.
If you happen to remember other stuff you'd like just email it.

Hello Folks......
So far, everything's fine and we're having fun...though really
hot and the traffic..terrible!  We've seen Larry and JOyce,
Raul and Estela already.  We saw larry and family last Sunday
morning..they went to the hotel and then we went shopping and
treated us for lunch at the Ihaw-Ihaw, Kalde-kaldero
Restaurant (Singing Cooks) then dinner time...it was Raul and
Estela's treat...after dinner we went to a place called Encore
Karaoke where you'll stay in a cubicle with the Karaoke unit
and just sing, eat, drink inside...it's a private room kaya
walang makarinig kahit magwala.  Kantahan ng
katakut-takot...May itinatago pala itong si larry
Apuada...galing din kumanta like the Mr. Regalado.  We all
went back to Raul's house and had a little chat...then Larry
and Joyce brought us back to the hotel...dyahe nga kasi late
na tapos malayo-layo ng konti. We had so much fun...laughing
at all the kalokohans during their younger years and siyempre
pa hindi mawawala yung mga tuksuhan blues abou!
t the past...but it was really nice seeing "old, familiar"
faces...Larry, Joyce, Raul, Estela...thanks for a wonderful
night and we'll see you again!

Medyo fully booked na nga ang schedule-kasi pati na yung mga
relatives eh nag-i-invite...we decided to have a one day
celebration with them "Relatives Day".  So our sched so far is
like this:
Sept. 19--
AM.....buy stuff for the kids, go to QCSHS (maybe)
Night..attend meeting w/ Raul and the group

Sept. 20
AM.....free/Shop
PM.....meet my "barkadas"

Sept. 21
AM--free
PM..."Punchline" w/ Raul, Lary, Joyce and Estela

Sept 22
AM...free
PM...dinner w/ Mila's sister

Sept. 23
AM--free
PM...QCSHS

Sept. 24
Bulacan

Sept. 25
AM...free/Malacanang Palace
PM...Mila's high school classmates and friends

Sept. 26
Pangasinan

Sept.27
Iris's farm in Pampangga

Sept. 28-29
Cavite, Tagaytay, Caylabne (indefinite)

Sept. 30--rest day/Relative's day

Oct. 1 GOING BACK HOME!!!


But these are like indefinite kasi nga maraming squeeze in
requests...but okay lang flexible naman kami.
Larry mentioned last night that there'll be a meeting tonight
in prep for Saturday's event.  So we'll be seeing more of them
and the rest of your batchmates.

I think we've gained a few pounds already--puro kainan
eh....but it's really exciting especially seeing old
faces...places and new surroundings too!

We have access to an internet--through Dolphy's niece here in
Bignay, Project 2...we just moved in here last night from the
New World Rennaissance Hotel...medyo malayo kasi yung area
kaya dito muna kami.

Larry and Dolphy went to take a look at QCSHS when we went to
SM store and they saw Mr. Antonio...they were at the parking
garage of SM and had quite a view of the school ...we'll take
more video and pix bec. we planned to visit the school during
normal school hours and just go around and talk to old
acquaintances (kung meron pa).
We'll do this most likely before the reunion and probably
today (tuesday- 9/19).

So there's more to look forward to (pix) when we get back on
10/1.....till here and talk to you later!!!

God Bless,
Mila
