From: Gary
Date: Thu Sep 21, 2000 8:41am
Subject: Homecoming update


Hello Everyone!
I hope to find you all in good health and steed. This past
couple of days have been most exciting times. Last night
9/20/00, I got to see Raul, Larry A, Ed J, Ben T, Jun
Mangosing, Rod, Delta, Carol, Connie, Eleanor, Noli, and of
course Mila and Lolo. We hang out at the Sangkalan Grill in
Q.C. sa walang katapusang kwentuhan, inihaw at beer (actually
we had to quit at 11:30, next day is work day). Last minute
preparations and assignments, but from the updates last night
tipong bigtime preparations, eg balloons all over, video show,
may banda pa! Special catering had been arranged, souvenirs
all ready for distribution, etc. Reniscing kaagad ng mga
teachers and classmates tipo bang "where are they now?" bakit
si Jun Mangosing tinawag na "Pangi" and "na-kontact ba si??"
Trivia question: Kung si Rodolfo ay si Lolo, sino si Lola?
Ayan sagutin n'yo!
Amy Cruz had a surprise lunch today with us, Delta, Connie,
Lolo, Eleanor and Ed J at the Rockwell Center sa Makati.
Thankfully, it was a light lunch plus Starbuck's as I been
faced with Filipino food buffets since I got here. Tipong
bang; uy, galing 'tate, takaw sa Pinoy food ito; at wow, ang
laki nito, dapat buffet!! Again over lunch reniscing uli plus
more last minute stuff. Last minute kasi dito sa Manila,
tipong 1 or 2 sa agenda mo lang ang kayang tapusin dahil sa
lintik na trapik dito.
The selfless sacrifices of all classmates involved in all the
reunions had been most humbling for me. It has showed the best
of the Filipino whose image have been bombarded daily by
negativity too depressing to mention. Thanks to you all, it
has provided me the impetus, inspiration and encouragement to
face non-Filipinos with the enthusiasm, belief and confidence
that this country has more to offer than its export of human
labor.
A foreigner earlier today at a meeting told me that this
country is far too rich to be so poor. Among the talk was a
dissection of the national malaise, the Filipino
character/work ethic, etc. What came of the discussion was the
need for trained local and expatriate Filipinos to lead the
way in promoting a national agenda of renaissance - financial,
political and moral. A renewed investment of time and monies
that would change local habits, not overnight, even perhaps a
generation.
Hearing of Raul's entrepreneurship, Rod's employment sacrifice
for more family time, etc. makes one feel a change is indeed
required for this country. Learning of the successes of our
classmates assures one that the Philippine grounds is still
fertile for harvests one could be proud of. Thank you all for
being successfull. You are all the light at the edge of the
world!
Gary P.
P.S.
Pareng Raul and Larry, sorry, skip muna ako sa tonight's
get-together. Babawi muna ako ng tulog. Will make it up
tomorrow and thereafter. Trivia uli: alam n'yo bang
nakaka-aliw ang texting sa cellphone? That you could train a
your thumb to press the buttons to be almost as fast as you
think out your message? Isa pang trivia: Kung English major
ka, sira lahat ng inaral mo. kasi telegraphic ang mga msgs n
is-snd mo. u hv 2 fig out w it is.
