 Date:Tue, 03 Oct 2000 09:51:14 
 To:qcshs75@yahoo.com 
 Cc:joyce
 From:Mila
 Subject:[qcshs-75] A Million THANKS...to you all!

 Dolphy and I would like to "thank" a lot of people for a very
 wonderful/memorable time given to us since the day we arrived in Manila.

 Manila Group
 You guys are superb!  Full of energy...kahit gabi-gabi ang puyat...very alive
 pa rin.  I am sure hindi pa rin tapos ang happenings coz Iris, Tesz and Gary
 are still there.  Just enjoy every moment of it.

 Iris - thanks for the special requests you've brought from Beijing...also
 thank you so much for a very delicious lunch at your Pampanga farm...folks,
 and daming pagkain: matatabang crabs, grilled tilapia, kare-kare, ribs,
 chicken, sago (dolphy, watch out), the buko pandan, mango salad at marami
 pa....sanay maulit muli!

 Tesz, Connie, Delta, Annie D., Noli naku bilib ako sa inyo...always on the GO...

 Dr Annie D...pagod na ba yung bibig mo sa katatawa?

 Tesz....watch your diet...ang galing mong kumain eh!

 Okay here's a day by day kwento when we were in Manila-meaning all the happenings that we had.

 9/16 Arrival - everything went well at the airport.  Our sundo (my sister and
 dolphy's nephew) were waiting patiently because the plane was delayed due to
 a tropical storm in Seoul.  From the airport we had to eat lunch-kawawa naman yung mga naghintay.
 We went to Cabalen (Pampanga restaurant).  Naku, inupakan ni Dolphy ang
 kuhol!..buffet style pa naman...ayos!  We proceed to Project 2 to sort our
 stuff.  Then we checked in to our hotel and to meet my Aunt. From the hotel
 we went to Tong Yang restaurant (just like Hot Pot City) where you cook the
 food you'll eat infront of you.  Buffet pa rin!

 9/17 Sunday - Went down to take a stroll of Makati ...everything was closed
 still. Rustan's Supermarket opened at 9am.  Went in and bought LANZONES!..IT
 WAS SWEET!  Then went to SM dept. store then back to the hotel where Larry
 and family where waiting....picture taking muna then off to Ihaw-Ihaw,
 Kalde-kaldero Restaurant.  It was a nice treat from the Apuada's!  The
 restaurant has singing staff while you eat.  Kakaiba kasi they serenade you
 with all the tagalog songs and all of them have really good voices.  Tapos
 punta kami ng SM Mall-by the QCSHS-ang daming tao!  Larry and Dolphy went to
 the carpark area and had a good view of your school.
 Then went to Larry's house in Project 6 (?) and waited for Raul and family
 for a dinner treat naman ni Raul.  While waiting we kind of did some karaoke
 singing pero when I started to sing eh "kumulog" (Jaime, thunder yun)...then
 umulan.  Raul called and decided to just meet him at their house sa Philam.
 Then we all went to a restaurant (can't remember the name) and had dinner.
 Us ladies, had red wine...si Joyce malakas sa red wine eh....then proceed to
 Karaoke singing place at the mall.  It was really fun doing those
 things--kumbaga eh mga nagwala.  Larry brought us back to the hotel around 1am.

 9/18 Monday - shopping and eating at Cabalen again!
 9/19 Tuesday - shopping and in the evening met Raul and Gary, Larry, Delta,
 Ariel, Ed Jacob, Connie, Noli, Carol Daniel, Ben T, Amador "Jun" Mangosing,
 Art "Pakong" Manuel (any relation to Caloy?), Eleonor Boco...(i hope i didn't
 missed anyone)...at the Sangkalan Grill in Timog or West?
 Katakut-takot na daldalan and of course kainan na naman. The meeting was video taped
 (uncut)...see Mila for details...hahaha!
 9/20 Wednesday - Shop, shop, shop...Eat, eat, eat!  Meet my h.s classmates!
 9/21 Thursday - Shop, shop, shop!...at night we went out with Raul and
 Estela, Larry and Joyce. We went to  Punchline....okay na okay and enjoy na
 enjoy kami...nice place!  Thanks Larry A!

 9/22 Friday - Lunch with Mila's Aunt at Max Restaurant.  Then off to
 Greenhills/Unimart and shop again.  Had dinner sa Whiteplains with Mila's
 sister. Dolphy went with Raul and Gary to do some editing job for Saturday's event.

 9/23 Saturday - Dolphy went to QCSHS to help out in the stage decoration.  At
 night we went to the BIG Event.  Those were present were:
 Ladies:   Delta, Connie, Iris, Tesz M, Carol, Eleonor B, Annie D., Patricia
 B, Luz P, Malou H, Irene, Noli, Amy C., Beth Alampay, Jenny F, and humabol si Susana Javier.
 Gentlemen:  Ben T, Dolphy, Gary, Ex Caniedo, Ed J, Ed R, Marvin Garbo, Jun
 Mangosing, Rod, Larry, Jose Berin, Ombek dela Cuesta, Raul, Ariel, and Art Manuel
 After the program almost everyone went to Ben Tango's place.
 Kantahan  at kinasal si Jun at Iris...sino ba ang nagkasal?  si Larry A ba?

 We also went to Iris farm in Pampanga....ang ganda ng Hacienda Militar!  Ang
 pagkain eh talaga naman...matataba yung crabs....the buko pandan and mango
 salad...sarap!...si Dolphy eh nak 4 na glass of sago kaya ayun nahilo!  Iris,
 maraming salamat...with us were Roger M...Annie D, Ariel, Connie, Tesz M, Ed
 J. Larry and Joyce plus their youngest Lance (na kamukha ni Aga Muhlach).....
 We had the opportunity to go to Siete Pecados kung saan nagkalat or nagwala
 si Art Ambrosio....(biro lang Art)...kasama namin sina Gary, Larry, Ariel and
 Cristy (wife), Connie, Iris, Jun M, Tesz, Ed Jacob, Ben T, Annie D, Delta,
 Noli, Carol (but had to leave early)....humabol si Malou with husband
 Jong....from there lumipat kami sa kabila-disco dancing naman.

 Naghiwa-hiwalay kami ng mga 2am!  What a night to remember!!!
 To all those who made our visit a truly happy, enjoyable one...a million
 thanks to you! Lalo na kay Larry and Joyce who had been so kind and patient
 picking us up and bringing us back to our place everytime we needed a
 ride....Iris, who always see to it that we're informed sa update ng mga
 lakad, si Connie and Delta (kasama si Iris) na ayaw tanggapin ang bayad or
 share namin sa mga gastos....WOW...we really enjoyed every minute of our stay
 there except for the hot and humid weather plus the traffic...pero okay nga
 yung init kasi hindi kami halos nag gain kasi nga sa init ng panahon.  I
 would also like to thank Art Manuel "Pakong" for the cans of Bagoong from
 Pangasinan--ang sarap!  Again, maraming, maraming, maraming, maraming salamat
 sa inyong lahat...kaya nga favorite ko yung line na "sana'y maulit
 muli!".........thank you, thank you, thank you and thank
 you!!!  We'll see you after 2 or 3-5 years!

 Kung kayo naman ang magawi dito eh --hindi namin kayo pababayaan, di ba Owie
 , Caloy and Julia?  I'm sure same thing with the rest of Batch 75 in the
 different parts of the US...New York, New Jersey, Florida, Texas, Washington
 State....

 Kaya doon sa mga uuwi--the welcome given to us by the Batch 75 were
 extraordinary - they really went out of their way and I am sure nag- absent
 pa sa office (Ed J...nasa field ba ang tawag dun?)....anyway it was a
 memorable one for us!

 Cheers to all,

 Lolo and Mila
