      Date:Thu, 05 Oct 2000 14:20:39
      To:qcshs75@yahoo.com [Add to Address Book]
      From: Gary
      Subject:[qcshs-75] Reflections on the Homecoming 2000

Dear Classmates,
It has been quite an emotional experience attending the
homecoming. I found it first quite overwhelming seeing you
people you haven't seen in 25 years. Since our Dec reunion,
things have been building up, the anticipation level and
excitement maxing out on the night of Sept 23rd.
I'm still here in Manila, its been more than a week since the
Homecoming. I'm still overwhelmed by the reception given by
our classmates here. It has really made me wish hard that both
abroad based and local based classmates could get together
sometime soon. Lolo and I have been bouncing around ideas,
time frames, etc. on how to hold that get-together. Maybe
somebody's got an idea?
On the morning of the 23rd, Lolo, Carol and I got there @ 10
am. Took pictures, reminisced about our classrooms, etc. We
learned that the left side prefab has been demolished some
time ago, the right side to be demolished soon. The structural
steel of the remaining original bldg. was still good, but I
guess it must give way to new structures.
We learned that there were now 7 or 8 sections with about
40(?) students/class. Spoke to Ben Tango, he mentioned that
his daughter went there for HS and that they never held any
student organized dances or affairs, that it was mainly
schoolwork for them. Has it become too academically
competitive out here? I read in the newspapers here offers of
review courses for getting into a Science HS! Wow! This sort
of got me thinking, if I were still fresh elem. student, could
I get into a Science HS? Putting aside one's own native
talent, what if I was an ordinary Joe from a regular school,
too poor to afford a review school, what's my chances of
getting into a Science HS?
I may never get to interact with the likes of a Nina Araceli,
May Ulanday or Alelie LLapitan, etc. I may never get get to
see, understand and appreciate talents and the sciences in
motion. I asked Ben, if he told his daughter of we used to
party almost weekly. That almost Everybody attended? I guess
different times, different mores.
After setting up the stage we ate lunch at Shakey's. Ang ingay
namin, parang HS'rs na 40 years old. We didn't care, we were
just so excited, eating, talking, joking all together!
Night of the Homecoming, a character came walking in wearing a
blanket and a gorilla mask! Right a way I knew it was Ombek
dela Cuesta, I was right! Ombek had always been a practical
joker and he was true to form. I hoped right there an then
that most of us haven't changed. I got my wish! Everyone was
still as they were before, well maybe some of us remained
svelte and some became "big boned" (new term for "having
gained extra avoirdupois"). The rest of the night was a blast.
The Night's outcome was the best so far (according to previous
attendees) and a challenge to the next ones. It seem nobody
wanted to end the Affair, but we had to stop a 3 am over @
Ben's place. Sorry, even it was Sunday, we got spouses and
kids too, you know.
The get-together hasn't really stopped yet. A trip to Iris'
farm was held (sorry cant report on that, I was absent.
B'wisit na trabaho!). Then Siete Pecados and Phil Plaza Disco
Friday evening. Believe ako sa energy na mga taong ito. We
quit the places at 2.30 am. Then proceeded to Manukan and
Bakahan resto for arroz caldo, hot chocolate, coffee, etc.
Then went home at 4.30 am. It was puro kwentong noon at
ngayon. Saan si ganito at saan kaya si ganoon.
Then Birthday celeb'n ni Raul at Rod at Trellis resto sa UP
Village. Over sisig, shrimps, inihaw na taningue, sinigang na
bangus, chopped green mango at bagoong, red and white wine,
etc. We shared the evening repast, then Karaoke time sa Cafe
Janelle's (Connie hangout mo ba ito?). We sort of gatecrashed
ito a Rotary Night, but they were OK. Sabi ni Tesz, yung songs
nila, kinakanta pa ng Daddy ko yun! So you get the type of
music they playing, ha? Well we changed all that to more
contemporary times ( actually time natin). We all split up at
1.30 am. Thank everyone for that great evening!
One by one, everyone from abroad's leaving Manila, lahat ay
busog uli with new memories, hungry for more..
Again reflecting on "what if I never got to Science H.S. and
never met this brilliant people?" Thank You Lord for the
Chance you gave me. Give me a Chance to give someone the
opportunity I had. Thank you for these people that has made my
life full and worthwhile.
Hear from you all!
Gary P.
P.S.
See you all in December?
