
From: Jaime 
Reply-To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
Subject: [qcshs-75] USA reunion
Date: Wed, 5 Jul 2000 00:25:21 -0700 (PDT)

Hello everyone.  I'm back home, sad to say, in Chicago.  While waiting at
the airport in Oakland, I suddenly felt really sad that the USA reunion is
over.  This will be a long email.  I'm using this email to slowly come down
from my high after an exciting weekend.

Mila, Lolo, Owie, Julia, and everyone in the northern California group -
thank you very much for the wonderful time we had this past 4-day weekend.

Here is my version of my trip to California

Friday night - I was up until 2am (Saturday) packing and copying some video
tapes of my vacation last  May so I could give them to my sister and to a
cousin in Manila (via our courier - Tesz).

Saturday - I got to the airport at 6:15am, just barely catching my flight.
My plane stopped in Kansas city before arriving in Los Angeles where I had
to transfer to another plane for Oakland.  My plane was a little late in
arriving in LA, and I got bumped off of my connecting flight (which was
overbooked).  The next flight was full.  I got on the 2nd flight and arrived
in Oakland an hour late.  I got a $200 voucher from Southwest airlines for
my getting bumped.

I drove to the hotel and checked-in.  Mila - sorry again for doing a collect
call on you.  I did not have any coins, and the vending machines (where I
might have gotten some change) would only take $1 bills.
I arrived at Mila's house at around 2pm and met, for the first time in 25
years, Caloy and Marinel.  Also there were Mila, Lolo, Gary, Annie, and
Owie.   Sa backyard nilang Lolo and may deck.  Doon kami nag kwentuan
hangang nakabalik sila ni Alelie, Iris, Amy V, Ed A, and Talitha (Ed's
daughter who was his chaperon on this trip to California).  Nag sight-seeing
sila sa Carmel/Monterey (which is about 1 hour south of San Francisco).

Saturday night - We had dinner at a Chinese buffet restaurant.  There, I met
Cherith (for the first time in 25 years).
Bumalik kami sa bahay ni Lolo & the kwentuan continued.  There I met Tics
(for the first ...).  Nag bigay ng dancing lessons sila ni Gary and Annie.
Ang galing nilang sumayaw.  Magaling magkanta (karaoke) is Marinel. We left
around 2am

Sunday morning - Bumalik kami sa bahay ni Mila.  We left at 8am for a tour
of San Francisco.  Our tour leader was Lolo.  Others in the group were Gary,
Amy V, Ed A, Marinel, Talitha, and me.  A word of advise - wear warm clothes
when you go to the Golden Gate bridge.  Masyadong maginaw pagka mahangin.
Lolo - thanks also for taking us to see my special request: the redwood
trees at Muir park.
We picked up Tesz (who went shopping Sunday morning) at her hotel just south
of San Francisco and returned to Rodolfo's place by mid-afternoon.  Gary and
I did not stay long.  We went back to the hotel to rest and change for
dinner.

Sunday night - at the restaurant, I met (for the first time in 25 years):
May, Edna, Fely Tabago, Art, Julia, Mrs Aguilar (our Grammar teacher) and Ms
Josephine Agbayani (our Speech and Drama teacher).  Sorry if I missed
someone - medyo pagud and inaantok na ako.  Two from other batches were
there: Patricia Aguilar (batch '76 and daughter of Mrs Aguilar), and Marilyn
Laudencia (batch '72 and Julia's sister).  Spouses, children and other
guests were there.
Raul, Mac, and Nina could not make it.  We missed you guys!

Annie and Gary introduced the alumni who were there.  Tics presented a
plaque to Mila and Lolo for leading the organizing of the USA reunion.  I
got a plaque for maintaining our email group.  Amy V presented a gift (a
clock with an inscribed message from qcshs75) to Mila and Lolo as a token of
our appreciation for the hard work they put in in organizing the reunion.
Clemence (Caloy's better half) sang 2 songs and started the dance session
which lasted until 1am.
We ended the night by forming a circle and doing a group singing of a song
about friendship.  Many of the girls were in tears.

Many of us were hungry and we went back to Mila's house for some food,
drinks, and conversation.

Monday - the northern California group hosted a picnic.  We had barbecue,
chicken, fish, hotdogs, ...  Pero bakit walang lechon?  Tics gave away
t-shirts.  The kids had a water balloon fight.  Tics got hit at least one
time.  Some of us played volleyball (kagaya noong sa P.E. class ni Mrs Santo
Domingo).  My nephews enjoyed flying a kite and playing with Arnold's and
Ronald's (Lolo's twin sons) scooter/trolley.  Later on, I found out that
Tics had bought a scooter/trolley to take to his son in New York.  Some of
us went to Lolo's place for dinner.
I got to talk to Norma (Artie's wife).  They met here in Chicago and got
married in the late 70's.  They moved to California around 1978.  Their 3
younger children go to a school for the highly gifted (ala Quezon City
Science High School?).  Their oldest son will graduate from college (UCLA)
next year with a degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.
The 2nd son will start college this autumn.  He is considering going into
Medicine.

Tuesday - some headed back home or continued their California vacation.
Some went to a pool party at the place of Caloy's relative.
I headed back home.

Reunion attendees - I really enjoyed meeting you and your families.

Mila, Lolo, Owie, Julia, and everyone in the northern California group -
thank you very much.

I hope everyone is doing well.

Take care,
    Jaime