Message 4 of 52
   Date: Sat, 08 Jul 2000 09:13:03 PDT

     To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
   From: "Julia
Subject: Re: [qcshs-75] USA REUNION

To all my batchmates,

I am really happy to see you all after 25 years , you are all still the
same persons I knew before.  When I was watching everyone at the Dance
floor last Sunday, I  still couldn't believe what I was seeing -my HS
mates here they are having fun together after so many years. And the
moment  I saw each one parang feeling ko  bumalik na naman ako sa
pagiging bata- I do not mean mentally . I tell you it was such a good
feeling when I was at my corner watching all of you, I am reminded of my
memories, encounters with each one of you.



Marinel I couldn't really believe lalaki ka nang ganyan-sabi nga ni Gary
very lady like.  Si Amy , I still see the same tantalizing eyes in you
the last time I saw you in HS. Cherith, still the same sweet mahiyain
charming lady, Alelie, the same malikot, masayahin, sexy girl, Rowena and
Fely you were always together in HS
and pati sa dancefloor magkasama pa rin kayong naghahagikhikan, si Tesz M
pareho parin magsalita- mas slim ka lang ngayon- I remember you to be a
chubby  good-looking tall girl, si Estrella lumaki rin but maintained
her starry eyes-I hope you will not ban me at your Resort, si Tana at si
May -they still walk with a big swing on their hips pero the same height
pa rin as in HS, si Edna mas sosyal na ang dating mo ngayon pero when I
talked to you I felt happy to hear the same Edna I knew before- Iris,
Annie  I already saw you before but you were both so beautiful last
Sunday night.  Iris, Loi tried to make arrangement with his friend for a
date last 7/6 but when I called Mila's home about 1:30 p.m. you were
already gone to the airport-sayang. Annie ganda nang back mo -sabi nga ni
Arian.

As for the boys,  Tics-sira ulo ka pa rin ano- at tumangkad pa-thanks for
the fireworks , Gary-we had a good chat at Lolo's place I am really proud
of you and with what you are doing right now, keep it up. Artie- we never
talked when we were in elementary and HS and in fact you do not remember
me,  but we had some chat at Lolo's place and that more than made up for
the past. You are not batch ' '74 kahit ano pa ang gawin mo batch '75 ka
pa rin.  Ed Aban, tahimik ka noong HS, tahimik ka pa rin ngayon- but so
far you are the sexiest guy of batch ' '75 !  you have such a cute
daughter.  Jaime you look different now but still the same low profile
Jaime pero ngayon  nakikipagkwentuhan ka na. Sorry Jaime walang lechon
alam ko nasanay ka sa Pilipinas.  We did not serve lechon kasi
nakakabata raw iyon sabi ni Loi- bata kang mamamatay. O Jaime ngayong
nakita mo na ang mga single pa and single ulit nating classmates na
naggagandahan- anong masasabi mo. Tics ano masasabi mo. And of course to
my dear Bay Area classmates - Lolo and Caloy- saludo ako sa inyong dalawa
(including your better half)you are such wonderful people-and swerte
naman ni Mila at Clemence.  Thanks for taking all those time to arrange
this reunion to try making this event a memorable one- Indeed it will be
a memory of a lifetime. And of course to everybody who came, who took
time to prepare to come here from miles away with their family to grace
this important event. I will surely miss you all and hope this is not the
last time we'll see each other. SEE YOU NEXT TIME MY BELOVED CLASSMATES!

JULIA

