Date: Wed, 05 Jul 2000 21:56:04 PDT
To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
From: "Eduardo A"
Subject: [qcshs-75] USA Reunion

What a weekend!

True.  The theme of the weekend, as Gary said, must have been "Eat, drink
and be merry".

First of all, before I continue yuppin away, I'd like to thank the North
California folks for their relentless effort in making this special event a
big success.  Lolo, Mila, Caloy, Clemence, Owie, Henry, thank you.

The activities were non-stop ever since the attendees to the reunion started
arriving.  Jaime and Gary had given you a very good picture of how eventful
the weekend was.  Nina, Mac, Oyet, Leilani, and you all batchmates out there
we missed you.  This silver jubilation couldn't have been better if everyone
were present to celebrate.

Kahit na napakasaya ang nanyari nitong weekend, sadness tried to lurk and
overcome the happiness that I felt when I realized I have to say goodbye to
the good friends I didn't see in over 20 years.  Maybe it isn't really
sadness because I have gained new memories.  Perhaps, memories that can keep
me going for another 25 years for our Golden (God willing).

Yes, I won't forget my trip to Monterey and Carmel with you Amy, Iris and
Alelie.  I won't forget what Alelie promised that she would buy one of the
properties in the 17-mile drive where she planned us to have our next
reunion.  I won't forget when I go back to SFO's Golden Gate Bridge to bring
a jacket even in the summer time.  I won't forget the prayer you said, May.
I won't forget the inspring speeches of Mrs. Aguilar And Ms. Agbayani.  I
won't forget the dancing machine, Gary.  I won't forget when we got lost
going to the park for the picnic with Tesz, Iris and Fely.  Next time, we
should have Alelie with us to navigate because even with her back turned on
the road she can tell you where to turn (biro lang, Al).

Thanks, Lolo for picking us up at the airport and to you too, Jaime, for
bringing us back.

Cheers to everyone

PS.
Thanks, Lolo & Mila, Caloy & Clemence, Owie & Henry, Julia & Loi, Annie &
Ray, Tana & Tony, Cherith & Sonny, Tela & Jess, Art & Norma, Amy, Iris,
Alelie, Tesz, May, Marinel, Fely, Edna, Jaime, Gary, Tics for a great
reunion.
