
        Fri, 07 Jul 2000 11:30:37 PDT
     To:        qcshs75@yahoo.com
   From:        Mila + Rodolfo
 Subject:       Re: [qcshs-75] My Recollections on the Events


 May
 what's the "if"....if you're still single?...ikakasal ka na ba next year?
 about the number on my email...i really don't know what was that....
 when i transferred what i wrote from MS Word, it was ok but then when it was sent-ayun na.
 alam mo everyone was tuwang-tuwa sa iyo--ikaw na raw ang bumabangka eh...
 it was really fun and i am sure everyone had a wonderful, unforgetable memories
 of this event.

 mila


 EVERYONE
 akala ba ninyo eh tapos na ang happening?.....no...no...no!  We'll be putting
 up a poll here about the reunion and kung sino ang magwawagi eh may GANTIMPALA!   
 Abangan ninyo!
 I have started making copies of the video and as soon as everything is done
 we will send each one a copy.

 Most of us who were left behind here in San Ramon have made some proposals
 for the next BIG upcoming events.   We have talked about on probably after
 two years, we'll have another reunion which is a CRUISE!  Ang starting point
 is Florida.  OR probably 5 years from now eh sa Manila.  I'm sure everyone
 abroad we'll have enought time to prepare for this and same thing with the
 manila Group....there's so much time for the preparation.......maybe a formal
 Dinner/Dance and a Beach Picnic.   Siguro some fundraising would be helpful
 to cover some or most of the expenses. Though it's too early to concentrate
 on this...at least meron ng naka-line up na activities because after the USA
 Reunion, I am sure everybody's looking forward for another reunion or event
 like this.  Just feel free to send in your suggestions.

 Cheirth and Sonny = thank you for lending us your original tape!  too bad we
 brought our own but we didn't have much time to use it kaya konti lang ang
 mga kuha doon.  Mabuti nandiyan si Sonny na matiyagang kumuha ng
 video......thanks Sonny!

 Annie and Ray = naku maraming salamat ulit.  Ray ang ganda ng pagkakuha mo sa
 video--puwede ka bang kunin next time na mag-cover ng event?...good job!  
 we'll be sending the battery together w/ your original plus a copy of what we did too.

 Tesz = I  really wanted to thank you for all the "pasalubong"...medyo
 nakalimutan na kasi busy lahat but I was able to distribute and share it with
 Iris, marinel, caloy & clemence... owie ipinagtira kita (nasa frig)...ang
 sarap!  did you notice if you happen to have the "class picture" from amy?  
 Baka na-mix dun sa mga pix mo?  Paki- check na lang.  Did you really brought
 the flower centerpiece sa Manila?  Until now the flowers are still in bloom
 and the buds were starting to open up...fresh na fresh pa rin.

 Larry A
 Pare ko I hope by now you've read most of the details sent by the attendees
 like Gary, May, Marinel, Tela, Owie, Caloy, Ed.....it was a success and a joyous event!
 We already finished our CLP and now we'll be starting our Household Meeting
 probably next week.  It's really nice because it had helped us both in so
 many ways.  As soon as we'll know our definite itinerary and schedule for
 Sept...we'll let you know.

 Raul/Oyet
 Sayang hindi kayo nakarating ni Estela...but for sure we'll see you September
 and dun ka na lang sisingilin ni Mila sa atraso mo...humanda ka na daw!

 Gary, Marinel, Ed A, May, Tela, Caloy, Tana (Tony), Jaime, Owie
 Thank you for all your very touching recollection of the event--nakaka-iyak
 naman talaga at lalong nakaka-miss!  Sa mga hindi pa nagpapadala....magpadala
 na: Iris, Cherith, Alelie, Tics, Amy, Annie and Cherith...we'll wait for your emails!

 Actually what made this event so special it's because everyone
 participated--it was a TEAMWORK and I would like to make special mention to
 the Northern California Group (Caloy, Clemence, Owie, Rene, Julia, Loi and
 Fely)...they also contributed so much in making this all possible.
 Kahit na hindi sila nakaka-attend ng meetings namin eh thru phone they manage
 to give their input and coordination.

 Tics just called and his on his way to Switzerland,  then on the weekend
 he'll try to contact Bibing Aurelio...........accdg. to Bibing when he
 learned that Amy V is coming he said: "Oh, Amy Villareal, siya ang nagpaiyak
 ng aking puso!"...........kaya ayun si Tics...susugurin daw niya si
 Bibing at mag-i-square sila para malaman kung sino ang dapat magwagi.......!

 Amy
 Mukhang marami kang hindi alam sa mga ito ano?....di ba hindi mo rin alam na
 gf ka pala ni Caloy noon.
 Hmmm...maraming silent admirers....naglalabasan na yata isa-isa...o yun mga
 nagtatago eh lumabas na rin kayo!  Sana hindi ka mapikon ha?...flattering di ba?

 Emer,
 Calling...calling...Emerito Marquez....kasali ka ba sa mga ito?...hmmm, ikaw
 yata ang nag-umpisa eh...crush mo rin si Amy V di ba?  O di, magkita-kita
 kaya kayong tatlo nina Tics at Bibing diyan sa Europe at bahala kayo kung ano
 ang gagawin ninyo....triangle huh!

 Okay, mahaba na masyado...sa susunod ulit!

 Lolo and Mila
