
        Sat, 15 Jul 2000 19:21:20 PDT
     To:        qcshs75@yahoo.com
   From:        "frederick m
 Subject:        Re: [qcshs-75] pahabol para kay mac



 Dear Caloy,
      I was really looking forward to the reunion and I was even practicing
 my tennis so I won't get embarassed when I compete against Caloy McError.It
 was a very hard decision, but I am glad that everybody had a good time. I
 talked with Lolo and also had been reading all your accounts of the
 reunion-nakaka inggit .Anyway, next time, I will probably have better luck.
 Regards to everybody in the group. I hope you all are having a good summer
 vacation.Over here in Houston , it is very hot-100 degree average for the
 past few days. Maski cactus, nalalanta. I went to QCSHS when I was in the
 Philippines. It has Shoemart North EDSA in front of it where Larry C. and
 Dennis used to slug it out.The school is very different now, the entrance is
 further down the road nearer to the Golden Acres compound. There are at
 least 7 multi story buildings all around the fences that we used to
 climb.They also have a covered basketball gymnasium which doubles as stage.
 There was no prefab buildings anymore, but I think the old restrooms in the
 center near the flagpole is still there. The good thing is that all the
 buildings are situated on the edges of the fence and the center is a huge
 field(where we used to play softball and do CAT drills).I met Mr. Madriaga
 and talked with him-he says that  we are still the defending champs in CAT
 but that he is going to retire and he still does't know who will replace
 him.He also has a CAT office with all the trophies displayed. I did not see
 anybody else that I know except for Willie, the janitor, I don't remember
 him but he remembers our group because we used to play basketball with him.
 Mr. Madriaga also was commenting on the different attitude of the students
 nowadays-he says we were better.The kids today he said have to be spoon fed
 and has very little attention span-he said that during drills with real
 rifles -where you have to dismantle them(they use M-16), they get bored real
 easily and they don't have too much initiative to learn more.Well, I think I
 got carried away with kwento of the school.I'm glad some of our classmates
 still remember me.
       mac


 >From: Caloy M
 >Reply-To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
 >To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
 >Subject: [qcshs-75] pahabol para kay mac
 >Date: Thu, 6 Jul 2000 19:49:09 -0700 (PDT)
 >
 >       mac,
 >           kahit na wala ka sa reunion eh madalas
 >ma-banggit ang pangalan mo.we missed you, lalo na ang
 >mga nag-gagandahang mga chics with their radiant and
 >gorgeous outfits.anyways, eto ang aking mga na-pick-up
 >na lines-"sayang wala si mac","si mac hindi
 >nakarating?","dapat nandirito si mac","ito'ng tagay
 >para kay mac" atbp..mac, sulat ka naman if you have
 >the chance, at kung busy ok lang and we'll understand.
 >                                           later,
 >                                            caloy
 >
 >
