Message 3 of 47
   Date: Sat, 08 Jul 2000 20:53:02 PDT
     To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
   From: "ALELIE
Subject: Re: [qcshs-75] Hang-over


I've been holding back from sending an email as I always get emotional
whenever I think of the happenings last weekend (long weekend).  I wish
it didn't have to end pero baka naman ma-fire out na tayong lahat sa
trabaho and magkasawaan na tayo di ba?

Anyway, it was really so nice to see all of you again and it was a shame
that the rest weren't able to make it.  It was a very special time
looking back to our roots, to our youth and and renewing all the
friendships we had from way back when.  As some of you had already said,
there were those that we even didn't exchange a word with when we were
in high school but because we got together again, the conversations were
started and friendships and bonds were strengthened.  Let's not wait for
another 25 years to do this again.  We're all busy with our own lives -
making a living and all that but let's make time to get together again
sooner.

A world of thanks to the Northern CA group - lolo, mila and family;
caloy and clemense, owie and pres. rene; and julia and loi.  You guys
did a superb job in organizing this and we owe you a lot not just for
the great time but for the friendship and lasting memories.  THANK YOU.

I miss everyone already lalo na 'yung hugs and kisses from everyone
including the hubbies of our batchmates.  Girls, nagdaan na sa akin ang
mga asawa ninyo. he-he-he

Caloy, please extend our thanks also to tita lilie and uncle dick.
They're so cool and very kind to host us at their pool party.  talo pa
si uncle dick sa mahjong. si lolo kasi hustler e.

Misty dear, thank you so much for going out of your way to help out in
making our reunion a success.  kahit na dahil takot ka lang sa daddy mo.
(joke) ;o)  HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!  I'll send the gift through your mom and
dad when they come to NYC later this month.

Until next time everyone.  You all take care.  I miss you all already.

ALELIE

Marinel wrote:
>
> Sa totoo lang may hang-over pa ako hanggang ngayon, not from Caloy's tagay
> but from the whole experience with you all. Lolo, gasgas na nga yung CD sa
> paulit-ulit na pakikinig ko. I still get emotional when I get to last cut on
> the CD.
>
> Tita Owie, please give Pres. Rene a hug for me for his compliment. As I was
> telling Amy, sa tanang buhay ko ngayon lang ako nakatanggap nang ganyang
> karaming hugs and kisses. Eto humahabol pa nang isa for Mr. President.
>
> And to you Misty, Happy Birthday. Thanks for all the work that you put into
> making our reunion the success that it is.
>
> Keep smiling everyone.
>
> Marinel
>