Date: Thu, 06 Jul 2000 09:25:28 PDT
To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
From: "Maria Teresa M.
Subject: [qcshs-75] U.S.Reunion

To everyone who made the reunion possible,thank you very much .Specially
to the  SFO group.
       The weather in MNL is terrible.There's typhoon when I arrived
last July 5 and it still rains so hard ,with gusty winds na parang
matatanggal ang bubong ko.I don't know kung matutuloy ang meeting
tomorrow but I've talked to Delta informing her that  I was able to
collect $1,063.00 from this reunion.I have the photos to be shown to the
MNL group.As for the email group,marami na sigurong magiiscan.
Gary-left a message for your Mom and Chi but so far they haven't
returned the phone call.I guess natuloy si Chi sa Boracay.Don't worry,I
won't show her the photo na nagsasayaw kayo ni Aleli.Hindi nga
lambada,sweet naman.hahah
Art-thanks for bringing me back to my hotel.I have your HOPE already but
I don't know how I'll meet you on my next LA flt.I'll be arriving July
14 PM and leave on the 16th PM  but I made arrangements already with my
Dessert.I'm sorry I can't join you for the BBQ;next time na lang.
Tics-thank you so much for the t-shirt.May bag na last time,may t-shirt
pa ngayon.
Fely-How is your foot?I hope you're okay now.Thanks for bringing the
M&M;feel mo siguro na maliligaw tayo ni Aban.
Amy-you were not able to show me the photos of your children.Hopefully
I'll see you in Florida.Maski na wala na si Elian Gonzales.It was nice
seeing you and Cherith;si April na lang ang kulang.
Marinel-napagkamalan kitang wife ni Aban coz you were so quiet and ang
tangkad mo na.
Cherith-Belated Happy Birthday!!!Tell Sonny it was so nice of him to
dance maski na bawal.
Julia-I won't forget you and Marie Kay.(tama ba?)
May-I won't forget the 4 1/2 Black ,100 Pesos.hahah
Alelie-thanks for the candles.I used one already.Bahala ka nang magiscan
ng photos coz expert ka doon.
Ed-maski na naligaw tayo,okay lang coz nag-sightseeing ako.
Tela-I wasn't able to taste the empanada.Next time na lang.Miss LA naman
ako,e.
Tanna-Delta said that's her only photo so sabi ko kayong dalawa na lang
ang magusap.I finally met Tony.Tell Tanya I haven't forgotten my promise
so I'll give it to her once we see eachother.
Edna-magaling talaga si Henry.Kanino ba nagmana?I'll mail your solo
photo soon.
Annie-tell Arianne I forgot to give her the bracelets.I'll see if I
could mail them.
Jaime-I'll call your cousin tomorrow.Thanks for the gift.Were you the
one who placed the photos there?Puro kasi goodlooking guys.I wasn't sure
though kung blue ang eyes nila.
Iris-thanks for the black and blue bag na pasalubong mo on July 19.We'll
see you then.I have your Asti already.
To the SFO group-thank you very much for taking care of us.We had a
grand time.

Hope to see you all soon.Take care.

Tesz   : )

P.S. Lolo-please thank your family for me for the letters which they
wrote.Additional points iyon sa akin.You did not tell them my name,buti
na lang nahanap ko sa manifest ang name ng mother mo.I  met your sister
(akala ko younger,pero sabi niya older daw siya sa iyo)and her family.