Message 1 of 47
   Date: Sat, 08 Jul 2000 21:25:00 PDT
     To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
   From: Amy V
Subject: [qcshs-75] USA Reunion

I just got back into town last night- left San Ramon on the 4th to spend a
few days in Sacramento, Napa and Lake Tahoe- sulit na sulit yung bakasyon ko.

To the Northern California folks- Lolo & Mila; Caloy & Clemence; Rene & Owie;
Julia & Loi and last but not least Fely-  Thank you so much for your kind and
gracious hospitality.  Your efforts sure made the event a success and
something we will cherish forever.  To me, it was food for the soul!!!

I had 3 rolls of film developed today and was sharing stories with my daughter.
Annie-  she thinks you're so "cool", especially your hair and sexy dress-I
agree.  Give a kiss to Ariane for me.
Mila-  namimiss ko na ang Pinoy food.  I have to wait to get to NY and ask my
Dad to make kare-kare(my fave)
Lolo-  I left the Star II class picture with you.  Just mail it to me or take
it with you when you go to NYC-hope to see you there.
Caloy-  Thanks for your generous compliments; I had to change my diary-had to
bump off my ex as being my 1st boyfriend.  Next time i see you I want a tennis lesson.
Gary-  Thanks for the dance lesson-sorry I couldn't keep up with you.
Next time, i just might surprise you.
Ed-  Thanks for the slow dance-too bad it was cut short(joke lang).
Regards to your family.
May-  I'm glad we had some time to bond-short though it may be.
Marinel-  You're the best roomie anyone can wish for-next time we'll have to
make sure we have enough time for a cup of coffee.
Tesz and Cherith-  It was truly nostalgic being with both of you in the same
room.  Sure brought back a lot of childhood memories.
Jaime-  You owe me a dance.  Don't worry about sending $$, I've already
recouped the cost-save it for next time.
Tela-  Nice to see your whole family.  Next time, I'll include visiting the
Raymundo resort on my itinerary-hopefully there's a vacancy.
Alelie-  As always, the life of the party.
Owie-  Still the warm, kind hearted person. Rene is so lucky.
Iris-  You need to make good on your plan to visit Florida
Edna-  You must be proud- Henry's a great kid.
Fely-  Could I take dancing lessons?
Julia-  Still bright and peppy.
Tana and Art- It was nice meeting your spouses and children.  It's nice to
see marriages alive and well.  More power to you!  Regards to Tony and
Norma, repectively.
Tics-  Don't forget our date-remember the 29th of July.  See you then.

I'm so grateful to all of you for being there to create the wonderful
memories-I feel truly blessed.

Until next time,
Amy V.
