Date: Wed, 05 Jul 2000 23:07:00 PDT
To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
From: "Tela B
Subject: Re: [qcshs-75] USA Reunion

Maraming, maraming salamat to the Northern California
QCSHS batchmates - -  Lolo & Mila, Caloy & Clemence,
Julia & Loi, Owie & Rene, and Fely - -for hosting such a great
reunion!   Thank you, thank you, thank you.

And to everyone who attended from near & far, many, many thanks to all of
you for attending and making this event happen.   You have made it
a success!

Thank you too for having such a good time, the camaraderie,
the laughter, and the company!  Thank you for the memories.
The events renewed friendships and placed a face to all the familiar
names.

Jesse and I and my boys really enjoyed ourselves.  Mila, my boys
enjoyed the scooters so much, they were trying to convince me to
get them one during our seven hour trip back home.  Imagine hearing
three boys, alternatingly pushing for their own scooters?!!!!

Amy, it's great seeing you again.  So, when are you visiting LA (still my one-liner)?
Annie, ang seksing emcee, thanks so much for the "Seattle's Best" coffee.
Talagang listo si Ariane.  BTW Gary, I have your coffee.  Feel free to pick up anytime.
Tics, salamat din sa "I Love NY" t-shirts.  Basta, sakay ako sa ticsmobile.
Edna, listong-listo yung anak mo, manang, mana sa mommy!  Great job singing Henry!
Julia, OK, I'm going to try and apply for a position at Washington Mutual.  I
already have an app.  Will keep you informed.  Thanks too for hosting the reunion.
Marinel, buti ka pa, tumangkad!  Malapit ka na rin sumapit sa 4 and join the club.
Iris, now I'm really going to be conscious when I'm in Chinatown.
Tesz, you are our live connection to our batchmates from all over the world.
Gary, we enjoyed seeing you have a great time.  Mahusay na emcee and pati sumayaw.
Caloy, o ayan, medyo mahaba na itong e-mail ko.  Thanks to Clemence for
all her hard work and her special performance.  Ang galing nyang kumanta ha.
And thanks too for hosting the reunion.  Rain check
na lang muna sa swimming.  Sa susunod na balik na lang.
Ed, ang galing din ni Talitha!   Mana sa daddy, mahusay kumanta at may showmanship pa!
Alelie, anytime, welcome ka sa Southern Cal.  Gusto ko rin ng NY cheesecake.
May, kailangan ko rin yatang mag-aral magluto ng lamb chops.  Maybe we
can exchange recipes.
Fely, you haven't change one bit.  I guess I'll hear from you Xmastime na.
Cherith, I'm glad you came with your family.  Happy Bday ulit. Thanks to
Sonny for taking all those pictures.
Jaime, keep the e-mails coming.  You've done good keeping the e-group together.
I also thank Joy & Mitch for attending and enjoying our company.
Owie, thanks for giving me directions to our event places and for hosting
the reunions.  Sa susunod, baba naman kayo ni Rene dito.
Art, so when will we get together for bbq and swimming?  Tuloy ba sa 14th
with Tesz?
Tana, I still couldn't get over that Tony made it in less than five hours.
It took us 7 hours each way.  Ano, tuloy ba sa Universal City walk?
Lolo & Mila, you two did so much for this reunion. We really appreciate
it.   Mila, even your co-workers know how organized you are.  Thanks for
making the hotel arrangements.  Thanks too for being the point person for
this event.
Talagang enjoy!

Maraming salamat everyone.
