SUBJECT: TESZ IN NY, TICS' RETURN

      981 of 1066 
                                                                                     10:01 PM
                                                                                        Tue
                                                                                         9
                                                                                        Nov

 Subject: No e-mail?
 From: ALELIE LLAPITAN

Hey people, what's happening? I was so diappointed to turn on my
computer tonight to find out that there were no emails from our egroup.

Well, Tesz is here in NY and we spent the day together visiting Cherith
and Nina. I didn't go to work (work at home kuno!) and responded to
emails very early in the morning and tonight when I got back and took
and made my phone calls while we were out "bumming around". We had
great fun. I'll leave it to Tesz to make kuwento. It would've been
better if she could stay for the weekend para mas masaya - true
happening. Edna didn't make it as she's down with the flu. - Feel
better, Edna. Take lots of rest and lots of juices.

Bye now, I still have to make another phone call to the UK before I go
to bed.

Keep on sending them emails please.

Regards to all.

ALELIE
------------------------------
      992 of 1066 
                                                                                      4:20 PM
                                                                                        Thu
                                                                                        11
                                                                                        Nov

 Subject: Re: tic's is back
 From: qcshs7-

Dear Batchmates,

Kamusta kayong lahat !!!!!!!
1 1/2 month lang akong nawala lumaki ang Batch 75 family. Owie, Mackie Mac, 
Roselito, Marvin, Nina. at sa mga nag birthday. CHEERS !!

I was in Southeast Asia from September 30 and came back last Monday November 
8. Nakapasyal ako sa Manila noong October 3 - 6 and I am happy to hear from 
Ben Tango, Bobot Laciste, Raul Regalado, Ruben Dela Cuesta and Roger 
Martinez. I told them what we have going on in our E-group, mga members and 
the mini reunion that were having here in the States.
I just called everyone kasi kulang na kulang ang time ko.
 
Raul - Thanks for inviting me to play Golf, sa susunod na lang kaya mag 
practice ka nang mabuti.
Bobot - I'm glad to hear from you pare, na-alala ko tuloy noong freshman tayo 
sa UP Los Banos, at yung mga party natin sa bahay ninyo sa Proj 8. 
Kay Ben Tango and Ruben Dela Cuesta thank you for inviting me. Next time i'll 
make sure to spend more time there para maka pag reunion tayo with our 
batchmates.  
Sa iksi ng time ko sa Manila si Roger Martinez lang ang nakita ko. Nag-inuman 
kami sa Quezon City from 10:00 am till 8:00 pm. Roger is working for the 
United Nations High Commision on Refugees and he was scheduled to go to East 
Timor the next morning kaya we had to cut short or meeting.
I spent most of the time in Hong Kong and Taiwan, i saw the ruins from the 
earthquake that hit Taiwan last September. It was really catastrophic. 
I'm glad to be back, pero i will be on the road again in December.      

Nasaan na ang aking mga kapitbahay ? Alelie, Edna, Cherith kamusta na kayo ? 
ano ang susunod na gimmick ? 
Saan ninyo nahanap si Nina ?
 Hi Nina si Tics ito yung nakakasabay mo sa jeepney noong araw. Remember tayo 
nila Charlie Solo, Frederick Macapagal at Luz Guillermo ang nag kakasabay na 
nag aantay ng Murphy / Crame na jeep sa likot ng Farmers market.  

Macky Mac - Na-aalala ko yung curly tops na binebenta mo noon. Ngayon ko lang 
sasabihin sa iyo, pag hindi ka nakatingin kumukuha ako ng isa.
Owie - Anong ginagawa mo diyan sa Sacramento ? kamukha ni Nathaniel Aquino si 
mister mo a. Kamusta si Fely Tabago ?       
Annie - Pusta ko pag kayo ni Alelie ang magkita siguradong mag kakagulo, 
hindi lang riot baka mag earthquake ulit diyan sa California. Maraming 
kuwento itong kapitbahay ko kaya Jaime humanda ka.

Carlos -   Ang ganda nang pictures ninyo nila Annie, Owie, Julia at ni Lolo. 
Mukhang lasing ka sa picture, yung ngiti mo hanggang tenga. 

Lolo - Para kayong magkapatid ni Caloy ah. Regards daw sabi ni Maggila.

Ed Aban - Kamusta ka na ? you're right, huling kita natin noong sa chemistry 
class pa sa UP Diliman. Tawag namin sa iyo si Einstein. I'm quite familiar 
with you're new route to work Ed i stayed in Tacoma, WA for a year and we 
take the ferry to Vancouver. Malayo yan, paano mo nagagawa ito araw araw. 

Alelie - Nandito pa ba si Tez Mendoza ? Labas tayo. May christmas tree na ba 
sa Rockefeller Center ?

Tics
------------------------------
      1002 of 1066 
                                                                                      8:44 PM
                                                                                         Fri
                                                                                        12
                                                                                        Nov
 Subject: Re: tic's is back
 From: ALELIE LLAPITAN

Tics just dropped me off. We went to Queens to meet with Tesz. 
Siyempre pa kasama si Edna and Henry. Hey, the 'Ticsmobile' is back
kaya may sundo na naman kami. We had so much fun and too much to eat. 
We went to dinner at the Philippine Grill close to where Tesz is staying
and then Tics went to pick her up when she called us to let us know that
she was ready. She came with her sister, Marisa. As it turns out
Marisa's husband was already there at that time as they know the owner
of the place. Di ayun maraming kuwento and tsismis na naman. Halata
bang wala akong magawa sa buhay at parati akong kasali/promotor sa
lakwatsa? We had so much fun though. 

Tics: thank you uli. Kahit na inaantok-antok ka pa sumama ka pa rin and
nagsundo at hatid pa.

Tesz: Balik ka uli. And next time, you have to stay a bit longer,
better still include a weekend so we could go to Atlantic City.

Nina and Cherith: You missed this one. Anyway we'll do it again soon. 
We've agreed to do something with Larry and Joyce in the
afternoon/evening of the 24th (day before Thanksgiving). Kaya mag-day
off na kayo on that day, okay?

Larry: We've already made plans so maybe you could work this into your
itinerary, if possible.

To Everyone Else: Who's coming to NY next. Sige na dalaw na kayo sa
amin dito para mag-happening uli.

Bye now and best regards.

ALELIE
------------------------------
      1016 of 1066 
                                                                                      6:08 AM
                                                                                        Mon
                                                                                        15
                                                                                        Nov

 Subject: Thank you very much,New Yorkers!!!
 From: Mr. Bubuy Mendoza

Alelie,Cherith,Nina,Edna and Tics,(according to appearance)

THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!!I didn't have time to call you before
I leave because of my hectic schedule.I had a wonderful time maski na
sandali land tayong nagkita.

Edna-Thanks for joining us maski na may sakit ka pa.

Tics- Thanks for bringing the others to Jamaica ,for your
gift,and for telling me that Danilo got married only last year. :(

Nina-Thanks for seeing us maski na  nasa Lab ka.

Cherith-Thanks for treating us for lunch maski na at a short
notice.I hope hindi ka na-late for work.

Alelie-Special mention to you for taking  your "time off" to
take me around. If not for you I wouldn't be able to see the rest of you,New Yorkers!

Once again,Thank you very much!
The photos taken during my NY stay,during Delta's B'day,and Amalia's  b'day
I'll send them all to Alelie for her to scan them.

To everyone,I'll make kwento when I have more time .I just arrived from my
short holiday then tomorrow it's work again.Too tired but very happy to see you guys!

Tesz
------------------------------------------------------
      1019 of 1066 
                                                                                      3:42 PM
                                                                                        Mon
                                                                                        15
                                                                                        Nov

 Subject: Re: Thank you very much,New Yorkers!!!
 From: qcshs7-

Tezs, 

The pleasure is on us. We are very happy to see you after 24 years. 
Ma-iyak iyak pa nga sila Alelie when you got off the car. 

Hindi sa nangiingit ako guys, pero sa loob ng Pilipino restaurant nakatingin 
sa akin yung mga lalaki doon kasi tatlong girls na maganda at sexy ang kasama ko. 

Tics,
----------------------------------
      1033 of 1066 
                                                                                      7:54 PM
                                                                                        Tue
                                                                                        16
                                                                                        Nov

 Subject: Re: Thank you very much,New Yorkers!!!
 From: ALELIE LLAPITAN

Tics: Napakasuwerte mo at ikaw lang ang 'boys' dito. Biro lang. We
always have great fun whenever we get together. I love being with you
guys. But you're right, akala nila talagang 'chicks boy' ka ano?

Talk to you soon.

ALELIE
