Wed,  Nov 3, 1999
7:34 PM

 Subject: Re: Drastubiche
 From: Edna Escurel
                                                                              

To everyone especially the west coast people,
       It's really nice to know that you had a good time reminiscing the
good old days with your tsismisan. I'm having fun myself reading all
your kuwento so much that I'm beginning to feel that I was there, too.
Here I am just taking a little break from my son with his homework and
now he wants to cuddle me. Really inseparable, ha? Two people already
had said we looked inseparable in our picture at Cherith's place but the
truth is I was actually restraining him as he would not only make faces
but would pose comically for pictures. This boy is not me at all, I was
the quiet type and he is my opposite. But he is so much fun to be with,
no boring moments. Guys, I will just try to make it there in
 December, if not I'll still see you next time. I do have relatives and
friends in LA and Frisco that I used to visit and they've been telling
me to come and visit them again, hopefully mangyari na uli. They even
want me to relocate, but I just said, I LOVE NEW YORK!

Going back to Mrs. Sison, I don't really recall her name, but the
description was correct. The  things that I could remember with her were
every music class which I believe was only once a week, she would call
us from the field since most of us didn't want her class. We 
played volleyball more than we played music and playing volleyball was
one thing to escape music kaya naman paypay na nang paypay siya sa amin
kapag music time na pero halos ayaw na naming pumasok sa klase niya,DI
BA RACQUEL?
       This is all for now, tulog na si kulit bulilit, puwede na akong
magpaperwork.

OOPS!  Before I forget, a million thanks to Nina, Bob, and Robine, 
we had a nice time with you.  And, maraming
salamat sa TA-KE-HO-ME ! Next time dito naman sa New York.  
Alelie and Tics saan ba tayo ?  Let's make some
plans para dito naman ang base. Cherith and Nina, we'll let you know. 
How about May? Puntahan ka kaya namin
diyan sa VA since you were not able to make it sa NJ?

That's all for now. Bye everyone! 

EDNA.................................................................

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Wed,  Nov 3, 1999
8:41 PM

 Subject: Re: Drastubiche
 From: ALELIE LLAPITAN
                                                                              
I'm not working anymore at this time.  
I just got back from my Japanese language class and the first thing I did, as always, 
is to check my phone messages while my computer boots up then I check my emails.

Oo nga pala, thanks a lot Nina, Bob and Robine.  
I have enough food to last me a week sa take home na bigay ni Nina.  
And thank you so much Bob for rescuing me when I got lost.  
I have a very bad sense of direction in residential places where the streets are a lot narrower 
and I can't even follow driving directions at times.  

Bob, thanks also for parking my car.  Well, I'm not good at parking either in tight places even 
if I live in New York as I just drive my car into the garage and the attendants take care of 
the rest.  I have to pay for these things but at least I save myself a lot of trouble not to 
mention the stress.  That way medyo I can delay the aging lines -mahal yata and cosmetic surgery.

Edna:  Maybe we'll do New York when Tics gets back from his trip.  Let's go somewhere for 
Thanksgiving weekend.  I begged off the trip to Rome with my friends.  I'll just join them 
another time, maybe next year.  Kaya, dapat umalis tayo.  How about Washington DC?  
It's not too far to drive.  I'll check if my car has seatbelts in the back seat.  
If it does, maybe we'll just take my car and Henry can stay at the back.  He'll be fine there.  
Otherwise, we'll have to take 2 cars or Sonny will drive per Cherith's suggestion last Saturday.  
Right Sonny?

Bye now . . . 

ALELIE 
