Annie: UST (MD, anesthesiology)

hi larry! SURPRISE!!! how are you doing? i visited your web page and you
look great. you gained so much pounds that i wouldn't have recognize you
if i see you across the street or bump you inside the mall. i still
remember your skinny picture, that's how you looked way back in high
school.  i didn't know i owe you a bunch of kisses... but anyway....here
goes....HUGS! HUGS! KISS! KISS! so what's up? i visited the e-group but
as of now i can't get through, it's been busy for a while. i got your
messages through my sister but wasn't able to respond sooner because my
daughter and i visited my brother in north carolina. that's where i got
your mail. yeah! i saw gary in california. he's still the dark, handsome
(ngek! as you said...kidding) but not as tall as you think. he stopped
growing since high school. he's just a few inches taller than me. he
approached me and said "grace ann?" i turned  and said "hi!" but he
could see that look in my face??**#@ and he said " do you remember me?"
then i said " yeah, are you a classmate of my sisters or brothers? then
he smiled ( remember gary's smile?) and said i'm gary....engracio
paras?....i was so surprised to see him and with wide eyes asked him,
what happened to you? hindi ka na tumangkad? he gained some pounds too (
i think we all did) and so we chatted for a while trying to catch up for
the lost time. i heard from mafe (my sister) that we're having our 25th
year reunion next year. that would be fun and i'm looking forward to see
you all guys.  just to give you an idea how i look, i'm 5'4" with heels,
5'2" without, 108 lbs(sometimes 110-112 without exercise), long hair
(pass my scapula), and basically still the same, i haven't really
changed much. i'll try to send my picture with my daughter. noticed my
e-mail address? i was an anesthesiologist in the phil before we decided
to move here. i now work as a physician assistant in a big and busy
OB-GYN practice in washington.  i am still working out my way through
medicine here but it's tough because i have a daughter to think about. i
only have one kid.  she's 9 yrs old (got married in 1989) and she needs
all my attention in her growing years and i don't want to deprive her of
my time to pursue my career. so i'm taking it slowly, step by step.
there are 4 exams to pass before i can practice med. and 3 exams before
i can go to residency training, passed 2, so 1 more to go.
i think i've updated you enough, it's your turn, and hope to hear from
you soon.

did you know that i was with the military before?
first, i graduated from UST, had my internship at veterans medical
center, my residency (anesthesiology) at armed forces of the phil
medical center and my fellowship training in phil. children's medical
center (formerly lungsod ng kabataan) where i had my subspecialty in
pediatric anesthesia. during my senior year of residency at afpmc, i
joined the military as a medical officer with a rank of captain. it was
only for 3 years then i decided to go into subspecialty. during those
years, i had my private practice then i was  assigned as a medical
officer (executive officer)  at Phil Military Academy. i was there with
my daughter during the big earthquake.  i was about to be promoted
major, but i decided to leave the military. too many red alert. it's not
my life. anesthesia is a stressful but challenging job. it keeps my
adrenaline high most of the time. feeling ko, ma-aaltapresyon ako. but
it made me feel great, knowing that the life of my patient was in my
hands. i miss my job but we have priorities and we make choices to
better our life, right? i want to live my life to the fullest. less
stress, take it easy, stay young, stay fit and happy all the time.
