Cherith: Trinity College (Nursing)
  hi Delta!
     i spoke to Tesz last week and we had a little chat. 
  well do you still remember the bracelet with your name on
  it that i got from you? well i still have it and i intend
  to return it to you when i find a way. Antique na siguro ito cuz it's more than 20
  yrs. old .
      Well how's your family life? As for me, I have been married for almost 20 yrs.
  now and i have two daughters
  gem is 16 turning 17 . she will be in gr.12 this school yr. and ivy who is 18 and
  is in her freshman yr. in college, she is taking nursing, trying to follow my footsteps.

  hi! Raquel,
     I knew you will be in Australia by this time cuz iknew
  your sister went there when we were in high school. Have 
  you by any chance heard form Regina? The last time I saw
  her was when i was still in Nursing School in Trinity
  College, she was my classmate but decided to shift to
  another course and i haven't heard from her since then.
  How about Lea J., Jane Quijano and the rest of our barkada?

  Hi Tesz,
      I just called Marissa today and nobody was home i guess
  so I just left a message in her answering machine. It's Labor Day weekend here so
  i guess they went away for a weekend holiday. 

 hi raquel,
 i guess you still remeber me. belated happy birthday
 nga pala. i saw your family pictures, you still look
 the same. hindi ka tumatanda. You also have 2 girls
 like me. i am also a working mother, i have a full
 time job just like you. i work as a registered nurse
 at the valley hospital here in ridgewood new jersey.
 and i have another full time job at home, without pay
 nga lang. ( ha ha ha) i guess you understand what i
 mean.
 I first came here in the us in 1986 then migrated to
 canada in 1990 with my family. i just came back here
 in new jersey in 1996 because i was laid off from my
 job in canada because of the reccession. All hospitals
 there are funded by the government so it has to live
 on a budget.  But canada is a very nice country to
 raise a family. peace and order is good. i guess way
 of life is similar to australia cuz they're both
 british colony.

 larry a.
 well ,i'm glad to hear that you are involved in bible
 study groups. it seems impossible but this proves that
 with God nothing is impossible.
 My family and i are also active in church activities
 here. we go to a filipino baptist church. my kids sing
 in the choir (i don't know where they got their good
 voices dahil pang banyo lang naman ang boses namin ng
 husband ko.) and they are also active in young peoples
 group activities. My husband teaches sunday school in
 the young peoples class.we also have home bible study
 once a month at my house.
 well, i just hope that you and joyce would continue
 searching the truth of the Bible. God Bless!

