Ed A: UPD (civil engineering)

  "It's great to hear from you all.  I was so excited when I heard Larry C's 
  message from my answering machine; I thought he was in town.  All of sudden 
  I started remembering our high school days.  I never realized that it has 
  been that long since we got out of 'science'.  This is really great, being 
  able to be in touch with all of you wonderful friends.

  If any of you guys will visit Vancouver, BC, don't forget to give me a call..."

  "I have 3 kids Talitha (9), Bethany (5) & Yorick (3) - 1999 "

  "After leaving our alma mater, I went to UP and that is where I finished 
  civil engineering.  When I entered the real world, the first job I did was 
  doing studies and researches on all existing Philippine watersheds.  These 
  studies were funded by UP-NHRC.  In this job I was able to travel in some 
  parts of the country.  At one time, in my flight from Zamboanga, Tesz was 
  one of the flight attendants (do you remember Tesz?).  This job lasted for a 
  year.  The next job I took was as a Quality Control Engineer for a 
  construction company (CICG).  The project I was assigned to was the GSIS 
  bldg. at the reclamation area next to the Cultural Center complex.  
  Similarly, I stayed here for about a year.  Then, the next job was for PNOC 
  Coal Corp. as a Project Engineer.  My project was the construction of a Coal 
  Terminal at Poro Point, La Union.  This is where I met Joanne which 
  eventually change the course of my life.  In short, we got married and that 
  was in 1984.  The project with PNOC was completed for 2.5 years.  I worked 
  for PNOC  for 3 years but we decided to leave for Canada when the project 
  was winding down.  It turned out to be a good idea because I wasn't getting 
  along too well with my boss and after the project there was no more project 
  to build.  I will end up selling coal.  Coal was good but not selling for 
  me.

  So we left for Canada in December of 1985.  The start in Canada was a lot of 
  challenges but I managed to get a job as a Structural Engineer.  I did this 
  for 2 years then, I decided to shift to another field in CE which is in 
  public works.  I ended up working for the City of Surrey.  There is where I 
  started to specialize in pavement management.  Pavement Management is big in 
  the US and Canada because their biggest major asset is the roadways in the 
  federal and local governments. " 