Ed J: MIT (electrical engineering)

  Dear Classmates '75,

  Twenty four (24) years na pala since high school
  graduation ! and kung nagkatalo-talo tayo noon,  may mga 24 years old
  na tayong mga anak! ( he ! he ! he ! )  For those who attended the
  reunion last Dec. '98 at Ben Tango's residence,  maybe did not recognize
  me 'cause according to Irene,  I changed  a lot.  I grew a little bit to
  5' 7 " with medium built unlike before, I was one of the frontliners
  parang "Marines" during  flag ceremony . I'm loosing my hair too!
  Anyway, medyo uso naman ngayon ito. Sorry nga pala, if I disappeared
  during the last Dec . reunion because I was attending two gatherings
  that time and I was not able to come back. Sayang, I missed  the group
  picture and dancing session part. It was really fun and I hope we'll
  have a big reunion next time.

  To give you a short events of my life after high school : I graduated in
  MIT '80 with BSEE degree and joined PLDT from 1980-1985. Then,  I worked
  in
  Saudi from 1985 - 1995. I remember  the night before I left for Saudi in
  1985, I was able to attend a reunion at Iris' house and it was too short
  'cause I was leaving that night. Now, I'm back here  in the Philipines
  for good and working again in a Telecommunications company - SMART
  Communications.

  Lolo,
  How are you? I still have not forgotten your offer to me to go  TNT in
  California? Is it still valid? Si Dolphy(comedian artist) dito malakas
  pa at mahilig pa rin sa chicks. I presume na hindi ka patatalo. We'll
  all becoming lolos and lolas but you are the orignal one!

  Marinel T.
  Pinsan, when are you coming home for vacation ? Monette my sister-in-law
  in Texas told me that your family is coming home for vacation this
  October? Are you one of them ? Send my regards to Tio Noe, Tia Nelia,
  Carol and family.

  Larry C.
  You told me that you are working in Amkor Anam? Is this the one in South
  Expressway? If your looking for a Dermatologist, my wife has a clinic at
  Kamias, Q.C.
  If I'll be the one to do the procedures -- Libre!

  Alex S.
  How's your work there? Parang exciting diyan, ah! I still have not
  forgotten ng 
  kinutusan mo kaming lahat noon model platoon days! May bukol pa nga ako
  hanggan ngayon.

  Ed A.
  We were  thinking of migrating to Canada when my family and I were in
  Saudi but we decided to come home to Philippines.Ayaw kasi ng misis ko
  yung malamig.
  I'm looking forward na magre-rematch tayo sa basketball sa blackboard !

  Rod L.
  Do you still look like Mao? Sa Caltex ka pala, maybe you are the
  mastermind of Oil price increase because you a great Mathematician.
  How's your cousin, Leo? Our office we'll be moving in to Makati this
  week. Let's meet sometime when you are free.

  Amalia C.
  I still recall your bungis-ngisan with Arlene A.  I'll call you up when
  we move-in to Makati.
  Pahingi narin ng gatas(Nestle) para sa anak ko!

  Annie Arlegui,
  Hi doc! my father was your patient before when you were still an intern
  or resident physian? in Veterans Hospital. I remember when we were still
  in Elementary, ang bilis mong tumakbo kayo ni Malinda Daguio ( 100
  km/hr)!  during agawan-base in Project 6. Naka-paa ka pa nga noon dahil
  walang pang Nike shoes pa noon!

  Luz G.
  Crush mo pala si Mr. Antonio noon, Kaya pala nakipagsuntukan siya noon
  sa isang estudiante para ipag-tanngol ka!

  Lemuel Odilao,
  Na sa Australia ka pala! When I was in Saudi, pastime ko naman,
  spear-fishing . Mas type ko kasing humahabol sa isda kaysa naghi-hintay
  ng isdang malansa! Pareho tayo ng crush - Si Mrs. Laygo!

  Irene de la Cruz,
  When are we going to dive ?  Just give me a call.

  Lary A.
  When Bata-Reyes became the billiard King , I recall our billiard games
  in Cubao. You introduced this to us, nauubos nga yung baon ko dahil
  dito. Send my regards to Joyce, classmate ko rin siya during elementary
  days.

  Tesz M 

  Ang Seksi mo naman noong re-union!(Dec. 98).Pa hitch naman sa eroplano
  mo!

  Iris M.
  Umuwi kana, baka abutin ka ng giyera diyan sa China. Besides, Amador
  Mangosing is waiting for you, nahihiya lang magsabi.

  Gary P, 
  What's your height nowadays? Lalo ka bang tumangkad?

  Emerio M., Rosanna Roces ,
  Sana when you come to Phil. for vacation do it at the same time ,
  sabayan natin ng re-union.

  Caloy M.
  Are you still playing tennis? You were a great player during MIT days.
