Eliza: ??? (???)

    Date:           Sun, 29 Aug 1999 23:28:52 -0700 
  Subject: 	    thanks and hello 

  To Jaime and Larry C.

  Thank you for including me in this group. After 25 years (yes...that's how
  long!) it's quite nice and nostalgic to be hearing from you people.  Can I
  access the old mails? Please keep me posted. I am "computer/technology-shy"
  (read: illiterate) so you need to give me user-friendly (read: simple)
  instructions.  Larry, remember when you called me up in my office?  I don't even
  know our email address.  I don't even know what you are talking about. That's
  how "barriotic" I am. Anyway thanks for welcoming me here.  

  Hello Luz, please email me.  I still remember how we spent the afternoon in your
  house in Cubao; we finished singing all the songs in the Jingle Chordbook.  You
  play the guitar very well. 

  Ariel: Hi! don't worry anymore about the Humanities Book ... basta na-uno mo?!
  Amy: Sorry about last time, I want to go but I told Bel that if it's Makati I
  couldn't possibly come. I'll email you.  I might see Bel this week.  

  Joy:  please... please write.  I've been dying to hear from you.  I hope you can
  get in touch with Jane. She is in Cagayan de Oro. I'll give you her address next
  time, just need to check it again. I've been to her house in CDO and her kids
  have grown fast.  Remember Ivy, my inaanak, she's big now and talks in Cebuano. 
  When are you coming back here?  You need to and fast ...hi,hi, hi, ... because
  Marilou and I have been "roasting" you (as usual). Don't worry it is still
  between us ...for now.  Just kidding!! truly miss you!!!
  Irene:  Thanks for including our office in your mailing list.  Thanks for
  inviting us to that forum on VFA and Prostitution. Just keep it coming, my
  office appreciates it. How's Obet V.? We felt sad that we have to transfer to
  another email server (from Obet to Pacific). For two years, Obet's org had been
  our server because it was the "politically correct" thing to do. Personally, I
  really like Obet's politics, including his attitude and advice regarding
  information technology. But we were having difficulties in sending our emails
  and other NGOs were also shifting to other servers, so we had to make that move.

  Marilou:  I need to see you.  Since I have been quite busy these past few weeks
  on that globalization/subcontracting paper (ekkkk!!!...never again), I have not
  been watching TV and reading the newspapers, please, update me.  Hey folks, if
  you want to get the latest happenings from here and abroad (capsulized), from
  the most trivial ... mundane...corniest ...scientific ... to the most profound
  stuff, you tune in ...I mean.. talk to Marilou.  She can be the Cristy
  perminute/Lolit Solis ...Julie ...Ofrah Winfrey, Jane Pauley ...to Diane Sawyer,
  rolled into one.  That's how good she is.  Ooopps, I'm not her manager.  Believe
  lang talaga ako dyan. 
  Atty. Connie:  Thank you for all the help. I hope you can still find time for us
  even after you have set-up that new law office of yours. Joan enjoys your
  company. She's "learning" from you, including your driving rage ...I mean your
  driving prowess ...just kidding.  Still not answering your cellphone?  

  I need to go now. Thanks again and hello to all.  
    
  Ciao, Liza Omictin-Diaz (there is another Eliza in our batch, so just refer to
  me as LIZA)
