Emerito: UPD (electrical engineering)

Lemuel,

I've always been in the networking industry from
college. I've completed my BSEE in UP as you know. I worked
in the Philippines from 1980-1983 maintaining
Telex and message switching (used for telegrams) exchanges.
Programming DEC PDP11 minis was my favorite pastime then
besides going to pubs of course.
Then I moved to Saudi where my job from 1983-1986 was data
communication. Then I moved to an oil company in a high profile
engineering department. It was the best company I've worked thus
far in terms of experience.
The Saudis bought everything that can be had and I was
the evaluator of technologies so I learned SNA, DECNet, Banyan
VINES, Bisync, Novell IPX .. everything and implemented them.
The Saudis were discriminatory though  in paying Filipinos so the only
way to move forward financially was to move out. I joined
British Telecom and my job with them was providing internetworking
and X.25 solutions to large companies which was not exciting
before moving here in 1996.
Here, I provide 2nd/3rd level technical support of the
BT Concert Global X.25/Frame Relay/Remote Access Networks.

Paano ako naligaw sa UK? Well, I was
recommended by a former colleague that I've not
seen and heard for years at that time.
I was surprised to be offered a contract here as a
network consultant. No interview, just salary
negotiation immediately. I've always been contracting and
will be in the future.
Contracting here translates to more
respect because it means having expertise.

I am still crying reading your email. Napakasakit kuya
Eddie. Kidding aside, we have to endure those things
in life and we're amazed that we survive them unscathed.
Without going into details, I had encountered difficulties
also during the eighties but I am looking back feeling
that god is always there for us.
Larry, nasusunog na ako!!

I believe that staying competitive through
training and becoming
an expert in something is the best weapon as we have
now  reached the age of forty. It differentiates us
from the young and inexperienced. That's why, I finance
my own training to stay
competitive. Di bale yung mga executive like you and
Larry, secured na kayo.

Larry,

Yes it's true that I took Social Dancing as a PE in
college. What's wrong with that? At least pag may
occasion hindi parehong kaliwa yung paa ko. I'd put that
into good use in Saudi. There, you are not allowed to
be with a woman not your wife in public. Pero may
exception, we do that in Jeddah on a limited basis
it's difficult to do
in other places though. As a result ang meeting place sa mga
bahay and of course party. Kaya nabubuntis
yung mga Pinay sa Saudi kasi biglang liko kaagad.


Alex,

Maalala mo yung chic na kumukuha ng BSIE na dinedemonyo niyo
at pinamamalitang syota ni Rock Hudson (AKA Heracleo Flerido)?
Kapartner ko ng waltz sa social dancing yun.


Jaime,

I agree, I have to start my dissertation soon. But
I have not yet received approval of my topics. I'll
have to chase my professor then. About your question
of certifications that I have taken, four years ago
whilst in CA, I've obtained my CNE as well
as CNX (have your heard of that?). It's a certification
that indicates proficiency of internetworking protocols.
Now my next target is Cisco CCIE.

Don't worry about your hair. Larry is right, some
women are attracted to "baldy" men. I am surprised here
that some men are balding already before they reach the
age of 30. In Saudi, Pinoys blame their thinning hairline
to the water there. If it's true that the salty and
hot water there is to be blamed, I'm lucky to have been
immuned from it.

I can't believe you've not been in San Francisco. I've
been there three times and I love the place and the
people maliban. It's fun driving around
after midnight stopping every now and then to talk
to prostitutes to enquire lang naman. My friend there
is notorious for that kaya nadamay lang ako. Good
boy ako, Larry.

But once you're permanent in a place, you don't go
to such places anymore. When I was sent for training here
in London many years ago, I was able to explore the
whole Soho district. Especially coming from Saudi
and with horny Saudi colleagues puro naman kuripot.
Yes, kuripot ang Saudi hindi galante as everybody
thought. I should know, I've travelled with them to
so many places before. Galante lang pag nakantiyawan
ng babae.


Lolo,

I still remember the fight between Larry and Dennis
during our high school days. Dennis won the fight I
believe, correct me if I am wrong Larry?

No I didn't receive the card. If you sent it after
New Year, then I'm back in England by then. But my
nephews did not tell me if they received any
mail on my pacific internet account.Thanks anyway.


Luz,

I'm glad you're doing well. You probably have unlimited
resources doing all those studies unlike us we have
to work and work and work.

Yes, I can still remember those Greek and Roman poets.
I still remember the Greek tragedians e.g.
Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides. The Roman writers
Ovid, Cicero, Cato etc. I also remember the
great orator, Demosthenes. I also did some readings
many years ago about the evolution of
the human race from the Australopithecines (Lucy)  to the
modern Homo Sapiens. Sorry na lang to the religious but
I believe that we descended from the apes. Larry, huwag
ka namang bumilib sa akin ng husto.

I am really not surprised for you to be interested in
those things. Pursuing careers in
History and literature in the West is respectable
unlike in our country where people only read comics
and showbiz.


Sorry for this long boring email. I am leaving you in peace now.

Bye,

Emerito
