Estrella: 

    Date:           Wed, 22 Sep 1999 21:09:03 -0700 
    From:           Tela B Raymundo
  Subject:          Hello... 

  Grace Ann (Annie) called me last Sunday.  She was soooo
  excited.  She goes "Estrella, ma-e-excited ka sa ibabalita
  ko.  Me e-mai ka ba?"   Anyway, that was the start of it...
     It's really wonderful to hear from all of you.  Imagine, it's been
  two and a half decades ago na.  Wow, really, time flies.  I don't
  know if you guys still remember me, I'm Estrella Bituin (Raymundo na).  
  I left QCSHS after our third year, a year short of graduating from qcshs.
  I remember a lot of your names.  I must admit though that Grace Ann
  had to jog my memory to describe faces and personalities.  And then
  it clicks. 
     We left QC in April 74 and settled in the Los Angeles area.  We've 
  been here ever since.   I now live in Glendora, about 35 miles from
  L A. If you guys happen to stop by in LA, please give me a call.  I love
  getting
  together and gab.   Call me at ...
    It's great hearing about the reunions, past and planned.  I was
  in Manila with my three boys last April.   The last time I visited was
  in 85.  I wanted so bad to swing by our old high school to check
  it out, see if I can still remember.   As I have no access to a car, 
  I wasn't able to to visit.  Maybe next time.

  I was thrilled at the idea of having a reunion here in So. Cal.
  I told Annie that you're more that welcome to get together and
  stay here with us.  Let's make it definite. 

  During the past five years, I've seen and spoken to Rowena (Owie) 
  and Aurea Bernardo.  However, Aurea and her kids has migrated back to
  Indonesia to join her hubby.  I haven't seen her in a couple of years.

  I also touch base with Mary Jean Balba (now DeVera).  One of her
  daughters is my Godchild.  I know she is also in touch with
  Maybel Escritor.  Maybel lives in San Diego.  I believe both are
  from class of 76?

  Anyway, let's get together and catch up.... turn natin mag-kwento.
