Message 4026 of 4145  |  Previous | Next  [ Up Thread ]   Message Index             Msg #     
 
From:  jo 
Date:  Fri Feb 2, 2001 0:07am
Subject:  Re: [qcshs-75] hello from sacramento / update from vancouver

 
To all batchmates of josephine tapel,
hello to everyone. let me first  introduce myself, i'm franklin lomboy,
husband of jojo. i don't know how to say this in such a way that you
won't be shocked.  2 years ago , jojo was diagnosed of cervical cancer
and for the past 2 years she underwent through all sorts of cancer
treatment such as radiation, chemo ,hysterectomy and then radiation
therapy again, yet it only slowed down the growth of the tumor.
    your group had given a lot of joy to my wife since she found your
group in the internet. unfortunately, she wasn't able to reply to most
of your e-mails because of the pain that she had been through.  i  would
like  to thank all of you for the joy that you have shared to my wife
for the last days of her life.
    she passed away last 22jan01(monday at 1300h) and the funeral
service was held last friday 26jan01.
even after she was diagnosed of her illness, God allowed her to enjoy
the benefit of travelling for the past 2 years. she was able to go to
hawaii twice, once to texas, and last spring to the phils to see her
relatives and friends for the last time.she had been a very wonderful
wife to me and a very good friend to many people.she always excelled in
all her endeavors. up to the last minute of her life in a hospital bed,
she showed her love and concern to others and continued to praise God.
   please allow me to share a little bit of her memory after graduation
at qcshs, she started serving the lord in her college days as a bible
study leader. she joined pal in 1980 and worked as aircraft instrument
mechanic for 10 yrs. while working with PAL, she continued to served the
lord through company wide evangelism and chuch planting ministries in
nearby provinces. she became God's "smuggler" also by bringing in bibles
to countries where bibles are prohibited, taking advantage of her travel
benefits as an airline employee.
  she unselfishly quit her job at PAL when she joined me in the middle
east. while in saudi arabia we continued to worshipped and served the
lord through underground christian fellowship. after several years,
saudi officials discovered this underground
movement resulting to my arrest and beingput in jail while she herselft
was in a house arrest also for 17 days, she fought for my release until
we were forced to leave the country and move back to mnl.
 God has been very real to us in many ways and we're grateful for all
the blessings that He has given us.

i hope that you'll continue to keep in touch and i will be glad to meet
you in the future.
 thank you very much,
frank



 
