----- Original Message -----
|  Message-ID: 3A09F68E.93EC36C7@....
|  Date: Wed, 08 Nov 2000 16:57:50 -0800
|  From: jo 
|  To: "rommelm
|  	Jaime 
|  Subject: here's how...
|  
|  Dear Rommel,
|      How are you and your family? I hope that you have cast your ballot
|  for the great election. Anyway, I have goodnews pero sasagutin ko muna
|  ang tanong mo kung paano  ko nakuha ang e-mail  address mo.
|      One lazy afternoon,  bigla kong naalala and mga high school
|  classmates ko. Kaya naisip ko na i-type ang  "quezon city science high
|  school" sa internet.  at ang daming entry and lumabas. Isa na dito ang
|  "Tanikalang Ginto" and i click on one of the entries under tanikalang
|  ginto.  That brought me to High School Alumni Groups -under this  ay
|  list ng mga alumni groups of different schools in the phils.  #114.
|  QCSHS BATCH '80, so I clicked on that.
|      Dinala niya ako sa webmaster@q..., I clicked on that again at
|  doon na lumabas and e-mail address mo. I believed you are registered to
|  maintain the site of batch '80.
|      Ang tanong ko, paano mo nalaman lahat ang site na ibinigay mo sa
|  akin para sa batch '75? Ito rin and tanong ni Jaime Pia, paano ko sila
|  narating.  Kaya ang sagot ko sa tanong niya ay dahil kay Rommel Mortel.
|  Do you keep in -touch with them too?
|      Here are the good news.... i have registered with alumni.net, i have
|  registered with the egroups, and they have accepted me as member.  The
|  best thing is that i have received e-mail from them too. Hindi ako
|  nakatulog ng maaga dahil panay ang kuwento ko sa husband ko tungkol sa
|  mga kaklase ko. I have seen some of    their pictures and it feels  as
|  though they are just across the street.
|      So, I think this will be the  start of something good. I am
|  preparing some pictures which may interest everyone including you. Is it
|  okey, if I include you in my list and drop a note once in a while or
|  even often? Thank you for saying yes.  I will send this same note to
|  Jaime Pia as well.  God is so good, isn't He?
|      Regards to your family. God Bless you and the rest.
|  
|  (Ate) jojo
|


From: jo  
Date: Wed Nov 8, 2000 7:36pm
Subject: Re: [qcshs-75] re: here's how...

Hello Jaime and everyone,
    Thank you sa mga e-mails  na na received ko. Thank you for a warm
welcome. Ang hirap mag account ng buhay for the last 25 years. Ang hirap
ng assignment ko, but i am willing to share it with you all.
    I was not  able to go to college right away after high school
because of financial problem. Instead i took a 6 month course that gave
me a pass to work right away in an electronics company as a qulaity
control inspector. After a year of work, i decided to enter college
again full time. Graduated- Industrial Electronics Engineering
Technology, also on a scholarship. (Mabuti na lang may libreng paaral na
ganito.) School life has turned around kasi may support pa ako from my
uncle, pero sinikap kong makatapos at hindi masyadong maglakwatsya.
    After college,  I was blessed to get a job with Philippine Airlines
as an "Aircraft Instrument Mechanic " . I was one of the first women to
work in the that field where never a female would dare. Sort of we are
experimental. The whole country would like to know if women are capable
to work in a man's world. And  we have proved ourselves. Since then
tumanggap na sila ng mga babae as mechanics.
    I have enjoyed my stay with Philippine Airlines, I enjoyed the
travel benefit. At last nakasakay ako sa eroplano na lumilipad. Pinaka
exciting ang first time kong pagsakay, say mo sa first class pa,
biyaheng Hongkong. Sumunod Bangkok, at kung saan saan pa   basta
nababayaran ko lang ang loan ko sa coop namin (pang pocket money, hotel
at pasalubong). Ako and pinaka lakwatsera sa office namin, my reason is
that it is better than reading a history book  kasi you learn  first
hand. Most of my weekends were spend with the family and also with a
group in PAL, where we go to provinces in the weekend to share the
gospel. Then office uli on weekdays.  Oh by the way I met my hubby sa
PAL, 1984 ng mag-asawa ako. Tinakot ko na sige ka mag TNT ako sa states
(Ha,ha,ha). That was a good 10 years with PAL, until my husband  decided
to try Middle East for a change.  We spent a few years in Saudi Arabia.
There's a lot of stories to tell, pero next time na lang. We have
enjoyed the travel benefits again since he is with an airline company.
After Saudi we live for a few months back sa Philippines and few months
in Indonesia. Then finally Canada. Wala pa rin kaming baby hanggang
ngayon. But no regrets, God's provision is overflowing. I did some odd
jobs here in Canada until I finally got a job as an assembly technician
with a medical research and manufacturing company. Then transferred to
another company with the same industy and became a supervisor.
    My husband  is in the airline industry, kaya puwede pa ring
maka-travel. Lalo na sa states, lolo/dolphy ang lapit-lapit ninyo sa
amin. I hope that we would have a chance to meet. I have not phoned Ed
A. which I hope I would remember to do this weekend.
    Edna, I think nagkita na tayo once sa SM. I'm just not sure if you
still remember me.
I'm so excited about everybody. Cherith I can never forget you. I'll
send you another e-mail and also to the rest. O baka wala na kayong
interest na mag-email sa akin kasi alam na ninyong lahat ang nangyari  (
well  'yun and akala ninyo). Medyo mahaba na ata ito. I could see you
yawning. Kasi naman 25 years pinaiksi ko na nga lang.
    Thanks to everbody for such a warm welcome. I promise to drop a note
to everyone. Caloy Manuel wala kanang masasabi ha, ayoko atang magbayad
ng $500. Yes I still remember you.
     Please if there is anybody who still remember my nickname in high
school would you please tell me what it is. Jaime naiayos ko na ang
e-mail address ko. Thank you.  God Bless you all  and your love ones.
    'Till next mail.

jo
