Larry C: MIT (BS Management and Industrial Engineering)

Date:     Tue, 20 Apr 1999 13:23:04 +0800 
Subject:  my life bio 
To: 	  qcshs75@yahoo.com

 hi classmates,
 funny of me to be calling on you guys without sending my "past life".
 t'was only after i saw delta's mail that i came to my senses. seems like
 somebody shouting at me -  hey you have to do your share, a-hole,
 so here's a peak at my life;

 during HS, larry and rodolfo were my buddy-buddies. we usually have
 drinking sprees up to the morning hours in larry's house in proj 6. i
 remember his girlfriend malinda. she was cute, ha! rodolfo, or "lolo" as
 he is fondly called - i remember him most for the ants (hantik) that he
 asked me to taste during those lunchtimes spent at the back of the
 school. of the girls, cherith and beth alampay were "closest" to my
 heart. tana has been a good friend. delta was an "apple-in-my-eye".
 of our teachers, i was very fond of mrs mamenta. i love looking at her
 tongue waggle every time she pronounces those spanish words. her
 hubby could be the happiest man in this world with those creepy tongue
 of hers. how cud i ever forget mrs reyes. omigosh, that grandma!

 i entered mapua and graduated 1980 with a degree in management
 and industrial eng'g. within the campus during that timeframe then were
 larry apuada, arturo manuel and ed jacob. larry and arturo came to be
 my fraternity brothers. i haven't heard of and from ed up to now. my
 college days were fun, trying and mostly adventurous and eventful as
 i had my many "firsts" - .... i consider
 it really not the bad side of my life but tell you those experiences taught
 me a lot. at least i came out of it unscathed and here i am now still alive
 and can feed and provide my family's needs and caprices.

 i joined intel right out of college and was with the company for 8 years.
 t'was also here that i met my wife, merly. i then jumped-ship twice (armel,
 a plastic company and then allegro, another semicon company) and
 finally settled with amkor where i'm now on my 5th year. amkor is a
 multi-national and is a sub-contracting firm for semicon companies like
 intel, motorola, TI, philips, LSI, Atmel, etc. modesty aside, amkor is the
 biggest here in asia and considered one of the biggest in the world. i
 handle one of the product lines with production, engineering and
 maintenance under my stewardship. working for these semicon
 companies not only enhanced my technical and management know-how
 but also gave me a chance to travel in asia and the US of A.

 i have 3 kids, all of them girls, aged 16, 14 and 9. lucky girls they are for
 they look like their mother. attached is a picture of my family. we reside
 here in paranaque which is just a few kilometers away from my work. i
 don't have plans of adding to my brood unless somebody else can give me
 a boy. have tried "everything" (all positions that is. he he he) with my wife
 pero babae pa rin, eh. don't know what happened with the others (he he ulit).

 as of now, i still enjoy going out at night (clean fun na lang, kuno). i have to
 para hindi masanay ang mrs ko na maaga lagi ang uwi ko. mahirap kasi baka
 mag-hanap (biro lang ha). i make it a point though that saturdays and sundays
 are quality time spent with my family. naglalaro rin ako ng playstation and
 i bowl once or twice a week. i love music (and girls. he he he. nature lover
 kasi ako, eh) and drinking but i don't smoke.

 ang haba na yata nito, ah. i'll make kuento na lang uli pag nagkita-kita na
 tayo.

 bye for now and regards to all.
 larry
