From: Bayran, Noli C.  
Date: Wed Jun 21, 2000 10:41am  
Subject: Noli Cabal-Bayran  



Gee!! it's really nice  getting in touch  with you again guys.  I got
this
E-mail address from Irene and Delta. I received mails from Alelie, Cherith,
MAINROGIB ( Bigornia ba ito?), AA ( Artee Ambrosio ?), May U., Gary P., 
Jaime P. and Alex so far.  Pls. yung iba pa get in touch.
       According to Jaime I need to answer a standard list of questions for
new member. Okay!
       I'm now connected with RGMA Network, Inc. ( a GMA company...where
you belong...sa Channel 7) as HRD Manager.  I used to work with the Banker's
Ass'n of the Phils.(BAP) Credit Guaranty  as Head, Personnel and
Administration Division in-charged of Personnel Dept., Admin. Dept. and
Acquired Assets Dept.  I availed of the early retirement program of the
company last year.  I rested for awhile ... while resting I took good care
of my two boys, do the laundrying, dishwashing,marketing,cleaning etc.
I went back to corporate world  2nd quarter of this year.  Some of the 
companies I worked with were GFSME, John Clements Consultancy Inc,.
( Alelie we bumped each other pa nga at the canteen nearby (Salcedo
st. 1990, you were with a computer company), PCIC,U/Tex ( with Delta's
dad) and EEI .
       I studied at UST ( B.S. Psycho.). I had my Master's Degree at the
same school in 1983. I used to see Mayose, Annie, Maridel and Terry.
       I married my husband Bong in 1984.  He was an officemate.  We've
got two boys , TJ aged 14 (third year high school) and Jolo 11 (grade VI).
We live in Novaliches.
       I used  to communicate with Bel Paras-Alcantara. Nagkita kami sa
Rustan's -Cubao.  She used to visit me at the office when I was still in 
Makati.  I went also in her office once, an NGO I think.  I've talked to 
Irene, Mayose, Delta,Eliza already.
       Hoy Alex, sorry hindi kita nabanggit, but I do remember you Haring
Solomon in one of our group plays entitled " Nowhere in Wonderland"
scripted and directed by Malinda Daguio sa World History Class natin.
Saka hindi naman makapal ang salamin ko no.  You should see me now with my
contact lens ( anong kulay ang gusto mo ).  
       Ms. May Ulanday,naaalala mo pa pala na taga Murphy kami nila Nina, 
Edith... Halos sabay-sabay naman tayong umuuwi, naghihiwalay lang tayo
sa Cubao...kayo nila Bel, Tana sa Proj. 4.
       Cherith, oo naman I still remember you, ang sergent namin sa CAT, 
pasulong 'kad di ba?  Ikaw rin yung dating _____ ni AA (joke lang huh).
       Sino ba si MAINROGIB... ikaw ba yan 'lo.  Gary, you're coming to
Manila pala.. get in touch as soon as you arrive.
       Aleli, get in touch pagdating mo rito ..........
       I will definitely  attend the Homecoming in September... see you
there.
       I will wait for more mails... babuu...
 


 
 
    Message 2457 of 2457       
 
