Marvin: 
      										 1227 of 1359 
                                                                                     12:45 AM
                                                                                        Thu
                                                                                        23
                                                                                       Dec 99
 Subject: Greetings!
 From: Garbo, Mario Marvin P.

Jaime,
....
I was employed with San Miguel Corporation (SMC) from 1987-1994 as property
appraiser (for civil works) and had gone to almost all parts of the
Philippines inspecting various SMC plants and sales offices.  I had gone to
your home province of Surigao (in Bislig at the PICOP area where a Beer &
Coca-Cola Warehouse offices are located).  I got retired from SMC in Dec '94
when our Property Department got dissolved and was rehired in San Miguel
Properties (corporate real estate arm of SMC) in Jan '95 when our function
got transferred to the latter company.  With the several re-organizations
the company and SMC had gone thru (San Miguel Properties workforce has been
cut from 116 to 38 regular employees last October), I am still with San
Miguel Properties now as a Project Development Specialist deeply involved in
3 housing projects.  But as of late, we have slowed down with our projects
due to the economic crisis that hit the country since '97.


Richen,
Yes, I remember you.  We were classmates since Toro Hills days.  Do you
still have your old family residence in Imelda Village, Project 8?  We still
have our old family residence in GSIS Village.  Glad to know that you have a
daughter who is a top female basketball player.  I have 3 daughters aged 10,
9 and 4 years old.  Have you traced the whereabouts there of Artie Ambosio?
I think they migrated to Chicago when he left QCSHS.


To each and everyone and your families,
Here's wishing you a Blessed Christmas and a Peaceful and Prosperous New
Year/Millenium!
