May: UPD (economics)

    Date:           Fri, 08 Oct 1999 13:59:58 PDT 
  Subject: 	    Re: Bounce Manager 

  2 months after graduating from up i was accepted at the National Computer 
  Center in Camp Aguinaldo as a research analyst.  Went on to become a 
  computer programer and stayed with the center for 5 years. my best friend at 
  NCC introduced me to a catholic charismatic community and that brought about 
  the transformation that i needed at the time when i was at the brink of 
  becoming an agnostic, as opposed to being a "fanatic". i underwent some sort 
  of renewal in my catholic faith which  led me to slowly appreciate and live 
  out a christian way of life.

  after ncc, 2 more  years of programming job at Development Bank of the 
  Philippines (DBP).  Then a full-time job with the Light Jesus Community (a 
  community started by Bo Sanchez and family).  I was one of the 30 people who 
  formed the core group. After 3 years of service, I rejoined NCC as IT 
  officer until I migrated to the US in 1991.

  Told myself I want to find a simple clrical job, live off on a few dollars, 
  be part of a christian community and enjoy life.

  2 months in Houston, where it was hot and flat.  2 months in NJ - where all 
  my former co-workers who made it as IT specialists lured me.  In between 
  interviews i visited my sister in virginia, fell in love WITH THE PLACE, and 
  been here since then.

  I worked as a cashier for Weis market - a small grocery store (i got carple 
  tunnel, i am not sure of the spelling now - but it sure hurt my wrist from 
  scanning heavy six-packs of beer and sacks of dog food!), quit soon enough 
  because i fought with the manager regarding management principles(yeah, 
  right) ;  as a daycare teacher running after tots and wiping buts ( i loved 
  this one, grew a fondness for kids that i never cared much for kids before); 
  then data entry temp jobs--- quit too coz my wrist could not take it! Then 
  admin assistant...this was the best!

    --- to be continued
  part 2 next time my sundo is here gotta go home

  -may




  >From: Rod L
  >Reply-To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
  >To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
  >Subject: [qcshs-75] Bounce Manager
  >Date: Tue, 5 Oct 1999 20:41:53 -0700 (PDT)
  >
  >jaime, help!!! just received the alarming message
  >below from the bounce manager- i'll be removed from
  >the e-group w/o further notice. anong kasalanan ko??
  >may, nina and other new e-members of qcshs75, please
  >tell us more about yourselves - like what happened to
  >you in the past 24+ years after graduating from
  >science, your family, and yes, your hs crush (di ba
  >emerito?).
  >larry c,ed a, marvin, etal, what's happening?
  >nabiktima na ba kayo nang bouncing manager?
  >hope to hear from all of you soon, rod.
  >
