Raquel: ??? (Industrial Engineering)

 "I was so surprised to hear from Lemuel Odilao (there is no way I would forget
  this surname!) - he rang me a few days ago and told me what you guys have been
  up to - doing so much work on our very own exclusive qcshs webpages, especially
  you Jaime.

  It seems like a long time ago (actually it is 25 years ago!) and I don't
  remember some people anymore.  But as I read the names, faces slowly come to
  mind.  The only person I have been keeping in touch (and not that often either)
  is Amalia Cruz because she is the godmother of my eldest daughter.  Amalia - if
  you are reading this, maybe you can drop me a note sometime.

  Lemuel and I think there are only the two of us here in Australia.  Buti na lang
  nagkataon pang we're in the same state.  Lemuel, we might be able to arrange
  meeting each other's family when we're a bit less busy.  Just ring me.

  I knew about last year's reunion 'coz Irene rang me up here in Sydney.  But she
  rang me about 2 weeks before the date of the reunion and there was no way I
  could make it.  Besides, we just got back from the States and Canada that time
  for a family holiday kaya broke na broke ako and I couldn't go anywhere.

  Anyway, Irene mentioned the reunion next year and I'd really like to go. I think
  I should be able to go home to Manila for that next year.  A few days before
  Lemuel rang me, I was actually thinking of Irene because I lost her telephone
  number and I had no way of contacting her.  Gosh, Irene, I read from the website
  you were the lead singer of a band, I am so impressed! I remember we were the
  'trying hard' singers (and actresses, may I add) in high school.  What happened,
  how come you gave it up?  But I still think May Ulanday was the most talented
  person I've known from high school.  Irene - my vivid memory of you is sharing
  your lunch with me - ang dami mo kasing magbaon noon; ako naman noon minsan
  walang baon!

  I saw the pictures from last year's reunion.  It's amazing how most people
  haven't changed that much.  Ang gaganda pa rin ninyo, Delta, Tess,Connie, Irene,
  Iris, Patricia - you're still very slim! I can't remember the others who were in
  the picture;  some of the boys have gained a bit of weight, but I could still
  easily recognize all of you - Alex, Raul, Lolo, etc.

  I have also been reading the stories of some people - what happened to them
  since leaving high school.  And I am so happy and proud to hear that most of you
  have done really well, with very good and successful careers.  Next time, I'll
  add my story to that page so people would know what kind of life I've had for
  the last 25 years.

  Does anyone know where or what happened to these people - Marissa (I can't
  remember the last name), Rowena, Espie, Malou, Josephine ( was it Tayao??),
  Malinda Daguio - those are just the names I can remember, and oh Regina Aloot
  (she was my bestfriend then) - i think she's now in the States.  Also another
  bestfriend of mine was Jane Quijano - I kept in touch with her up to the time I
  left for Australia and then we just stopped communicating.  Lea Japay, too I
  wonder where she is now. 

  Anyway, have to end here. I'll be looking forward to any message from you
  people!!"
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Date:         Wed, 29 Sep 1999 22:36:13 +1000
      To:         qcshs75@yahoo.com
  Subject:        Sari-sari plus pictures

Hello from sunny Sydney!  Tapos na ang winter dito, kaya maganda na ang panahon. 

My husband and I had a great time viewing  our batch's collage, ilang beses naming binabalik-balikan,
now Rey knows most of you sa picture especially the popular ones.  I saw my picture (yuk!) tawa ng
tawa si Rey. Anyway, I thought I'd contribute some pictures of myself and my family, too.  So  below
are  pictures of me, my husband and my two lovely daughters Janelle & Regina.  Para naman when I
view the collage again meron na akong 'after' picture. Nakakatuwa, most of you have not changed
that much.  I'd still recognise any of you anywhere.  Lolo, thanx for giving so much of your time and
effort to put the collage together.  Bilib ako talaga sa iyo! 

Amy  - thanx for the birthday greetings.  This is great.  Dati nagkakalimutan tayo ng mga birthdays,
ngayon advanced pa!  Anyway, same to you.  Happy birthday na rin just in case I miss it next month. 
Di ba around middle of October ka?  Oh, na-uto mo na ba ang Nestle to justify a trip here to
Sydney? ang tagal ng naghihintay ang inaanak mo dito. 

Cherith - I have been here in Sydney since 1984.  My first job here was with American Express for 3
years and then I moved on to Australian Broadcasting Company which was a govt office.  And then
when we decided to buy a house, I transferred to a bank to get low interest rates benefits.  I am still
working for Westpac, one of the big banks here in Australia.  I have been lucky in my jobs because I
have been able to apply my degree (Industrial Engineering) to some extent in each job that I have had.
I must admit, my career could have been better, but in the past, I've passed up some opportunities
due to family reasons. No regrets, though (well....)   I am currently in Group Finance (would you
believe?) and our team is in charged of costing the products and services of the bank using  activity
based costing.  I am actually on the look out for another job at the moment as I am beginning to get
bored with what I'm doing.  I am seriously considering branching out to IT (which I should have done
a long time ago).  What about you, are you a working mother or you're one of those lucky ones who
are 'ladies of leisure'?  Ako kailangan kong magtrabaho coz of our mortgage and all the extra
curricular activities that my daughters are doing.  Doon lang sa ice skating ng anak ko, butas na butas
na ang bulsa ko. 

Alelie - it would be nice to see you.  I'd love to see you in New York.  When we went to America
last year with the kids, we decided not to proceed to NY because of the kids, hindi ko lang
ma-eenjoy yung NY.  But my female friends here in Sydney are planning for us to go on all-ladies trip
to NY sometime next year.  And when that happens, I will definitely see all of you guys who are out
there!  I saw  the pictures from your mini get together diyan nina Tics and Edna, it looks like you had a
good time. 

Liza - Nice to hear from you!  So nagkatuluyan din kayo ni Alan Diaz.  I knew he was your boyfriend
back in UP during my last years (which were many!) in Engineering, coz I bumped into you a couple
of times then.  Do you have kids and what do you do now?  When you mentioned about Reginal
Aloot, did you mean she is there in the Philippines now? It would be good to be able to communicate
again with Reggie and also with Jane.  They were my closest friends back in high school, you're right. 

To the rest of you, happy birthday to the ones who are celebrating their birthdays. 

Jaime P. - would you kindly attach these pictures to our pictures webpage, kasi hindi ko alam gawin
iyun.  Thanx so much.  These pictures were taken early this year, the first one at home, coming home
from a wedding and the second one, at the reception of the same wedding. 



