Roselito: UST (Electronics and Communications Engineering)



     Date:           Tue, 2 Nov 1999 16:28:11 -0800 (PST) 
  Subject:           greetings 

  To all fellow qcshs alumni,

  Hello to all !!  It's so good to hear from all of you
  again after all these years. It was actually Jaime
  (Pia) who "found" me on the Net.  I am using a "free"
  email address as I could not afford a commercial one. 
  Allow me to update you regarding myself. My wife's
  name is Dinna. She is seven years younger than me. I
  graduated from the University of Santo Tomas in Manila
  with a bachelor of science degree in Electronics and
  Communications Engineering.  After graduation in 1980,
  I began to look for work  and was hired on probation
  by Globe-Mackay Cable and Radio Corporation (it is now
  called Globe Telecom). I was with Globe-Mackay for
  about 6 months, after which I moved to Exxbyte
  Technologies, the local distributor of Wang Computers
  and Word Processors.

  I was introduced to my future wife Dinna in 1987 by
  her sister Bong who was the secretary of the
  Engineering group of the company at the time.  We were
  married in December, 1980, a month after I resigned
  from Exxbyte to join Intelligent Machines, a small
  startup computer sales and service company.  The
  company initially did well, getting service contracts
  with various local and multinational companies.
  However, it folded up in 1993. After several months of
  looking for work I got a job with PCI Automation
  Center, Inc., the IT arm of PCIBank, a large
  Philippine bank.  The bank has since merged with
  Equitable Bank a few months ago.  My job is in the
  maintenance and servicing of the Bank's computer
  hardware, software, and networking systems.  

  My wife was a preschool teacher with Miriam College
  Child Study Center.  She was promoted a year ago and
  is now an administrative assistant, with several
  teachers under her wing.  Right now, she is taking up
  graduate studies at the Ateneo. She has been with
  Miriam since 1988 when she graduated. 

  Our eldest child, Cholo, is studying at the Ateneo and
  is in Grade 1. He is the quiet and studious type, and
  really acts as a "Kuya" to his younger brothers. Cholo
  wants to be a doctor someday. The second eldest is
  Alfonso who is in Kinder at Miriam CSC.  He is very
  attached to his mommy, very sweet and loving.  Alfonso
  says he wants to become an architect when he grows up.
  The youngest is Nino who is in Nursery at Miriam.  He
  idolizes his "kuya" and wants to study in the Ateneo
  when he is older.  He has not yet decided what he
  wants to become although we think he might become
  involved in sports as he is very athletic.

  We live in our own house in Eastville Subdivision,
  along Marcos Highway in Cainta, Rizal.  It is a very
  quiet and peaceful community. There are just a few
  houses here in this subdivision. When it rains the
  frogs make so much noise that it is sometimes
  deafening already.  We built the house 4 years ago
  although we bought the lot in 1989 before we got
  married.  We really planned to settle down here
  because we considered it to be an ideal place to raise
  a family.  

  Times are hard in the Philippines. ...

  I do not have a PC at home with access to the Net. I
  just use the  computer at the office. 

  Belated Happy Halloween to everybody ! And our prayers
  to all of your dear departed.

  Till next time......

