Date: Tue, 29 Feb 2000 13:53:49 PST 
From: Borj (aka Tetz B)
Cc: "qcshs75@yahoo.com" 
Subject: Hello batchmates.... 

Thanks to Lolo for making it possible for me to join the egroup. Actually, 
I was reading some news about the Philippines at the website of Inquirer 
when I saw the advertisement of Alumni.Net. To cut the story short, I got 
to the QCSHS web and straightaway I went to class 75. Lolo's name and 
Irene's were  the first ones I saw - sulat agad ako. Lucky Lolo's e-mail 
address was still correct. 

Jaime, I was Tetz in hs. Friends now call me Borj (short for Borja). I get 
creeps when people call me Maritess coz it is too tame for my personality. 

Anyway, I am now living in Brussels, Belgium. Have been here since 1991. I 
am at the Commercial Section of the Philippine Embassy. Yes - nasa gobyerno 
pa rin ako - nagbabayad pa rin ng utang sa syensiya - Ha-ha-ha. Married? 
Yes..  Danny's the name. 

I had fun looking at each of the pictures in the website kahit almost 1 
hour akong nagtitingin ng mga pictures. Mabagal kasi ang computer namin 
dito sa bahay. I could still recognize lots of you. Ang dami ng nagbago - 
may ibang dumami and buhok, may iba namang nawawalan ng buhok. Si Mac ang 
hindi nagbago sa mga lalaki. Yes, definitely si Belle din.Hanep naman si 
Alex, napapaligiran ng mga babae. 

Ingit naman ako - you had so many re-unions already. Anyway, I will try to 
touchbase once I get home for vacation. I have not been to the Philippines 
for 4 years and it is about time that I should do so. But September is a 
little bit a problem. Palibhasa kasi dalawa lang kaming nag-aassist sa 
Trade Rep. kaya mahirap umalis. I am still thinking whether I could make it 
to the US re-union. Maybe I can beat the April deadline to confirm. 

Iris.. Thanks for the message. It must be fun living in Beijing (something 
different)- maraming intsik?. I saw your pictures with Tesz, Connie and 
Delta in your farm. Yes, it has been ages that we have not seen each other. 
I often ask Mommy if she gets news about qcshs. Kaya lang nasa province na 
siya - retired. She came to visit me last year but only for a month. 

Cherith ... Thanks for the welcome. We never saw each other after hs or did 
we? Your kids are grown up. I was reading some of your old e-mail messages. 
Give my regards to Tana if you talk to her. 

Annie... Hi!!!!  How are you? Thanks for your message, too. 

Tana.... Do drop a line or two. I am not sure whether you also got my 
e-mail message thru the Alumni.Net website. Regards to Tony. 

Tesz... If you happen to pass by Belgium, do call me. My number is 
...

Alelie... I saw  your pic in Versailles. Sayang, I could have gone there 
and met you. Next time. Or maybe, kung mapadpad ka sa Amsterdam or London, 
baka naman type mong dumaan sa Brussels. 

May... manang Tetz is here in Brussels, Belgium. Of course, hindi na manang 
-ha-ha-ha. 

Jaime, do I have to register somewhere or  is this e-mail message enough? 
Thanks for getting in touch and including me in the egroup. Are you one of 
those who are thinking too much or just plainly having too much mmm.... 
Joke lang. 

I am just content with reading your messages for now.... Kinukuha ko pa nag 
buelo ko to also contribute in the conversation. 

Take care.... 

BORJ  "TETZ" 

 
