Reply-to:         qcshs75@yahoo.com
    Date:         Sat, 11 Sep 1999 20:42:40 -0600
    From:         delta
      To:         qcshs <qcshs75@yahoo.com>
  Subject:         [qcshs-75] MINUTES OF 9/10 MEETING

 Hi Everyone,

 The meeting last night pushed thru as planned, although not quite. Due
 to the horrendous traffic & floods in M. Manila, caused by heavy rains
 in the afternoon, only the ff. were able to make it to the meeting: Amy,
 Ed J., Ariel, and the Big 3: Ben Tango, Art Manuel & Irene. Amy, ikaw na
 ang magkwento tungkol sa happenings natin. Connie, Liza & Marilou (who
 were stationed in Liza's house in Diliman) were hooked with us via
 telephone. 

 Amy, Ariel Ed J. & Irene: please fill in any item I missed.

 MINUTES:

 1. September 18, 1999 GENERAL HOMECOMING

         The ff. list of our classmates who have committed to attend this
 Saturday's Homecoming are: Ariel, Amy, Ed J., Ben, Art, Irene, Tesz,
 Connie, Marilou, Liza, Beth Alampay, Eleanor, Pat Barga, Arlen, Armi (Ed
 J. will contact her), Larry S., Larry C., Bel, Buddy Torculas, & me. If
 we can contact the ff., mas magaling: Rod, Raul, Edith, Bobot, Roger.
 Baka may na-miss pa ako. It appears that we could easily fill up 2
 tables (10 seats each) & a third table is probable.
  
 Although the Homecoming proper starts at 4 p.m., it was suggested that
 we meet earlier so we could discuss last night's agenda. Meeting place
 is at Barrio Fiesta, 2F SM City. Be there before 12 noon. From Bo.
 Fiesta we can all go to Science together.

 2. CHRISTMAS REUNION

         Para naman makasama natin ang mga classmates nating Balikbayans na uuwi
 sa Pasko, may reunion tayo on Dec. 29 at 6 p.m. Tentative venue is the
 Club Filipino in Greenhills. I'll try to reserve a function room for at
 leat 30 people.  

 3. BATCH REUNION

         This will be our own & will be separate from the Grand Reunion in
 September 2000, wherein other batches ('70, '80, ;85, '90) will be
 honored. To enable our classmates living abroad to make the necessary
 arrangements, we will hold this between July & September 2000. Botohan
 na lang tayo para sa date. Syempre, susundin nating ang majority vote.
 This early, please indicate your month/date of preference.

 4. SEPTEMBER 2000 GENERAL HOMECOMING

         As one of the  honorees, we will sponsor the reunion. We will have to
 coordinate with the Alumni Asso. for this.

 5. BATCH PROJECT

         This will commemorate our silber jubilee. Like the batches ahead of us,
 we can give something to the school.  Nothing definite yet. We need
 suggestions. Irene volunteered to go to Science this week & meet with
 the principal. Her meeting aims to determine what the school & the
 students need. We can just start from there. 

 6. COMMITTEES

         The ff. committees will work to get the above activities going:

         Ways & Means - in charged of funds sourcing. This committee will think
 of possible fund raising activities which our batch can undertake to
 fund our batch project & other activities. Members are myself, Amy,
 Ariel & Ed J & Rod. We all work near each other so, it's easy for us to
 meet & get together. Initially, we'll study the feasibility of
 sponsoring a movie premiere. You may have other suggestions. 

         Reunion - in charged of logistics & other tasks involved in holding the
 reunions listed above. Irene is chairman. She needs volunteers.

         Communication - in charged of Batch directory & tracing of our other
 batchmates. Larry, ikaw ang chairman. Bahala ka ng pumili ng members mo.

         Souvenir Program - in charged of design, lay-out & printing of Souvenir
 Programs. Chairman is Art Manuel.

         Finance - handles collection, treasury , bookeeping & audit functions.
 We need volunteers for Chairman & members.

 7. SEED MONEY

         This will take care of incidental expenses needed to get all the
 committees working. Suggested amount is P500.00 minimum each.

 This is all for now. 

 DELTA