1505 of 1511   
 3:55 AM  
Thu 10 Feb 2000

Subject: From Delta
From: DKK CONSULTANTS,INC. 
 

Hi everybody!

Tama si Gary, istorbo talaga ang trabaho. Dagdag pa dito, tuloy na yung
construction ng bahay namin dito sa bundok (Antipolo). Although we
commissioned a contractor to do the structural work, we have a lot of
cavassing to do, especially materials needed during the finishing stage.
Owie, the brochures you sent were a lot of help. My husband's brother
started working for Home Depot in San Lorenzo, CA just this January so, we
may be able to ask him to buy some fixtures for us. Tama kayo, pwede kong
padala dito thru air/sea(?) freight.

Amy - Hi! Welcome to the e-group. Hope to hear from you again.

Iris - saw your pictures. Nakakainggit ka naman. Kelan ka ba babalik sa Manila?

Now, for the MINUTES OF THE MEETING of the Ways & Means Committee held last
January 28, 2000, and some other things:

1. Batch 75's Fund Raising Activity - we're not pushing through with the
movie premiere anymore. Instead we'll just raise funds by soliciting ads &
contributions for the Souvenir Program. The Souvenir Program will
commemorate the Grand Alumni Homecoming - Year 2000 and honor Batch 75 as
Silver Jubilarians, alongside other celebrants (i.e. Batches '80, '85, '90 &
'95).

FYI, the sponsoring of the movie premiere was scrapped due to the following
considerations: (1) we need to sell tickets worth P150,000-P200,000 just to
break-even; instead of exhausting our efforts in selling tickets, we can
concentrate solitation efforts in getting ads for the Souvenir Program. As
with the movie premiere, real earnings are derived from ads solicitations;
so might as well concentrate on this; (2) sponsoring a movie premiere
entails a lot of work. We also need to work on ads solicitation but in a
lesser degree.

2. We are commissioned to raise P300,000; P100k for the Homecoming
activities on Sept. 2000, P100k for the printing of the Souvenir Program &
P100k for our Batch Project. This is the estimated budget given by the
Alumni Association. The amount allocated for the Homecoming activities & the
Souvenir Program are on the high end so, we can expect to allocate more for
our Batch Project.

3. The committee submitted a format of the Solicitation Letter to the Alumni
Asso. this week c/o Irene. We need the Asso.'s approval (Jun Mocas, as
President, will note on the Letter) because we will be using the Asso.'s
name when we solicit. We will also be using Letterhead of the Asso. Once
approved, we plan to print the Letters ASAP (Ariel, please make yourself
available). We hope to distribute the Letters to our batchmates before end
of Feb. To those of you outside of RP, we'll send the Letters thru Tesz.

4. All active batchmates are required to solicit at least P2,000 worth of
ads. Presently, we have around 60 active batchmates, which is equivalent to
at least P120,000 worth of ads. If we add to this the initial pledges and
commitments that we got, we are confident we will meet the P300k budget.

5. Attached to the Solicitation Letter is the Advertising Contract. The
prices for the ads are provided by the Asso. We don't intend to veer away
from this since these are the rates they used last year. We recommended a
few minor changes and we hope to get their reply by this week. If my memory
serves me right, one full page ad is P5k, 1/2 page is P3k, 1/4 page is P2k.

6. To our classmates based abroad, can we get a confirmation/reconfirmation
of yor pledges for the ads thru this e-group? Also, please tell me how many
Letters you need so we can have them prepared for Tesz's delivery. Rod is
right, you can assign somebody from your area (i.e. East Coast, West Coast,
Australia, etc.) to consolidate the funds and have it remitted to me. I'll
let you know the bank account where you can remit the funds. Better still,
you can find a way of giving it to Tesz when she's there sometime around
April or May.

7. STEERING COMMITTEE met last Friday, Feb. 5, to discuss the results of the
meetings held by the different committees, Homecoming, Ways & Means and
Souvenir Program. The Homecoming Com. headed by Irene had 2 meetings earlier
& had already a lot of things finalized for our Batch Reunion & General
Homecoming activities. I don't want to pre-empt Irene's report so I won't
say much about the planned activities. I just want to assure you that
everything's being taken cared of by the group. Carol Daniel-Mendoza heads
the Souvenir Program Com. & she is also busy with the grand task of
conceptualizing & planning for our Souvenir Program. Another com. is the
Awards & Citations Com. headed by Liza Omictin. Although she was not around
last Friday, her group is already operational.

I guess I've covered everything already. Please feel free to give your
comments & suggestions on any of the items I discussed.

Take care, all of you.

DELTA
eom
