    Date:        Wed, 12 Jul 2000 18:28:20 PDT
     To:         qcshs75@yahoo.com 
   From:         AMALIA.C
 Subject:        [qcshs-75] Homecoming


 Dear Batchmates,
 Finally natuloy na rin 'yong meeting ng Manila group.Present were Raul, Ed J.,
 Ben Tango, Connie, Tesz, Malou Pascual, Carol Daniel, Eleonor,  Delta,
 Noli and myself. Here are some of the highlights
 1. Raul will be the team captain for class '75 ( translation: s'ya ang
 sisisihin natin if this project fails- Oyet biro lang!)
 2. All materials including solicitations/ads should be submitted to Carol
 Daniel no later than 31 July. Carol will complete lay-out by mid-August.
 3. We will get a full time person to do the follow -ups for the solicitation
 (and other required coordination ) , will be stationed at Raul's office.
 4. Raul and Malou to take care of the video presentation for the homecoming
 5. Ed J. in charge of physical arrangements
 6. Amy C. in charge of program
 7. Noli will take care of airing the  invitation to all QCSHS alumni specially '75 Batch
 8. Delta and Noli will attend this Friday's Alumni Asso. meeting . 
    Noli- we will wait for the update.
 9. Arrangement for the dinner to be taken-up w/ the association.
 10. Follow-up meeting next week ( date will either be 19,20,21) in Raul's
 office ( somebody kindly supply address) , will watch also video from 
 Iris and Tesz of the US reunion.
 11. We're thinking of theme/custume for batch '75 for the event- suggestions pls
 12. Calling for nominees for outstanding alumni - 'wag na kayong mahiya,
 ipadala  kay Connie ( or e-mail them to Liza, Noli or myself) yong resume
 n'yo and they will be included in the deliveration of the Alumni association.

 Other attendees , paki dagdag 'yong ibang points that I missed.
 For those asking when the Homecoming will be, this would be on Sept 23
 at the school compound.

 Others,
 Tesz not only brought what she solicits from Australia and US but also
 pictures ,pictures ,pictures- Oyet, ano nagsisisi ka na ba? Ed, nakumbinsi
 mo ba si Tesz na ipahiram sa'yo yung album? I will not mention who got the
 most vote for pinaka seksi at guapo sa US reunion. But in the land down
 under, the group was unanimous na Raquel was the sexiest and Lemuel the
 handsomest ( hindi kasali si Tesz since magiging bias 'yong voting)

 Lemuel,
 Thanks for the Olympic coin .

 Raquel,
 Kailangan dagdagan mo 'to para maging collection. Mukhang maraming natutunan
 si Tesz sa'yo on how to house train a husband!

 Everyone was delighted to see Noli (sans her glasses) and since Tesz was
 present syempre may kodakan-so wait for Noli's titillating poses on the web.
 Seriously, Noli it was nice to see you again, there was very little time 
 to really catch-up on each other , ituloy natin 'yong ating lunch date.
 I was talking to Arlen earlier and will see each other this Saturday in
 front of Shopwise ( grocery entrance,facing the parking area)  at 10:00 a.m.
 Ariel, Grace D., other classmate in the south  if you have the time do join
 us ( I have a new cell phone- ...).

 Gary,
 Arlen  was sorry na missed nya yong visit mo rito and so are the rest of the
 girls here. Next time kami naman ang kasama mo hangang 5 am.

 All for now.
 Amy Cruz
