Yahoo! Groups : qcshs-75-alumni Messages :Message 5394 of 5409Groups
From:  Gary
Date:  Thu May 30, 2002  5:34 pm
Subject:  L.A. Memorial Day Happening 2002
Dear Batch-mates,

Sayang na miss nyo ang L.A. Happening. We thank all the attendees,
it was a great weekend of food, fun and fellowship. A special thank you

sa tropa ng NorCal, they came in force, present and accounted for.
Talo kaming mga SoCal people, missing in action ang isa (Scooby-do,
este, Richen, where are you? 'chen, miss ka na talaga namin).

To our classmates east of the Mississippi River and the Northern
Border, we hope to see you soon. Your absence in our midst was
greatly felt. Jaime, Tics, Amy, Lani, Ed, Mac, Cherith, Alelie, Edna,
Nina, May and your families make a difference in our lives as we have
seen in 2000. All your presence gives our lives the bearings that
goes awry in pursuit of our daily lives. As our Filipino saying "ang
hindi marunong lumingon sa pinang-galingan..." we have each other as
a reminder of who we are, when our feet was firmly placed in the
ground, unlofted by the advances each and everyone has gone through.

It has been noted, but let me add my humble thanks for the effort of

Art and Tela for doing a great job in putting this affair together.
Thanks to Art and Norma for shopping, marinating, grilling and
serving the Korean BBQ (hindi tocino?), we could not ask for more
service and selflessness. To Tana and Tony for bringing the Carne
Asada. Que sabroso!!!!! and as usual muy comediante Tony. To Tela
and Jess, great scouting and choice for the dinner site. It was
MAVELOUS,DAHLINGS!!!!!!! (but next time tell us to bring a tuxedo to

match the ambience [para Tony, Art and me can crash the other
parties, he he he.]). AT ANG DAMING SUSHI AND CHIX WINGS! Ala-e,
apat na kahon ang na-iuwi ko, pati dito sa bahay sumuko sila sa dami.

To the Norcal group, Dolphy and Caloy, it was good you guys had the
perspective to plan for RP Homecoming 2005. Amidst the chismis,
chika-chika and the laughter, we still manage to have a working session
after-dinner and form a suggestion (as per Tony):

1. We enjoin the rest of the North American Batch-mates to be with
us in hosting/sponsoring a Batch 1975 Alumni Homecoming
Day?/Affair?/Outing? to be held in Manila in 2005. Sagot natin ang
venue, food, etc. in coordination with our batch-mates in Manila.

2. We leave the decision to our Philippine batch-mates if they would
also sponsor a Day/Affair/Outing, pre- or post- the USA group's
sponsored day.

3. For the other worldwide batchmates, we offer the suggestion to
either join the USA group or RP group sponsorship.

The suggestion came as we are approaching our 30th anniversary(ganito
ba kung tumatanda, counting the milestones?) and we would like to
share that day with more classmates. As such, we would like to
remove some barriers in order to facilitate everyone's attendance.

We are still asking for suggestions for projects that could help the
school.

My personal suggestion is for the QCSHS students to have better
Internet access. The better their access, utilization and
understanding, I believe the better the country will be served. Our
lives are becoming like Orwell's "1984" where technology is becoming

the master and who wields the technology rules. Not all of these
students will leave the country, but they will still be under the
pervasive influence of two conflicting interests. They, and some of
us later, will be in the middle of it, the country being in a
strategic location. The first casualty will be truth and if these
kids will not learn the system of the new order, the country will
not be any different from the pre-1898 times.

Let's start the ball rolling, pretty please post your comments,
suggestments and advisories.

Here's to you.........

Gary P.

P.S.
Been trying to send this e-mail for the past 3 days with attachments
of pix of the affair(about 3mb or 40 frames)but kept bouncing back
to me, am still a "DUH?" in attaching pixes, any suggestions?

