Date: Tue, 29 Aug 2000 22:00:10 PDT
To: qcshs75@yahoo.com
From: Art
Subject: [qcshs-75] I know I sent one just in case.... 


Mahabang, mahabang, mahabang pasasalamat again to our Manila batch 
mates!!!!! My e-mails a mess, dami-dami while I was gone... 
Very special thanks to Ate Tesz, for coordinating and and Ate Delta getting 
the meeting moved to coincide so I have a chance to see most of the group! 
Apologies for being late, ma-traffic eh. Bwisittt na traffic! Bwisittt! 

Delta - it is nice seeing my ISCS partner (+Amy C., just Lolo missing). Have 
not changed, still very prim & proper, ayaw nga lang sumabay kay Tesz & I sa 
Ben T Luv mobile. Don't worry, I have not forgotten the form for your son, 
just need yung $50 non-refundable fee. 

Beth - nice seeing two of the closest people to me in grade school. Nice to 
know about your utols. Thanks for letting Edwin join us. P'wede na siyang 
adopted member ng the Four Tops (with Raul, Arturo, Jacob..). 

Amy C. - nice seeing you kahit na ayaw mo akong isakay sa wheels mo. Sayang, 
I was ready to sing Rocky Racoon like your utol. 

Connie - Attorney, what did my handshake reveal after the kahiya-hiyang 
wanna-be dance & song, kabadong-kabado ba? 

Carolina - hope you did not get into trouble with your hubby for staying out 
so late with us kalogs. 

Noli - nice seeing you. 

Ate Tesz - thanks again, a very memorable ride sa Ben T Luv mobile, human 
relief sa Roxas Blvd. I need the full names noong F/As, Mita, Joyce & the 
one who replaced Joyce sa Honolulu leg. And also yung address to send the 
letters to. 
Alam mo, on  the return flight, I was talking to our F/A, very caring and 
bagets na bagets pa! She said she flew with you before at saka she knows 
about your classmates flying to & fro Pinas. I saw Mita sa airport as well, 
I think she was doing the SF trip. 

Rodantee - nice seeing you, ganoon pa rin, tahimik. 

Ariel - nice seeing you, mas maliit na ako sa iyo ngayon. 

Jacob - sayang, you missed the second get together, wala tuloy kalaban si 
Larry, Marvin and Ben T. sa karaoke 

Arturo - salamat manen kabsat! Dagupan to Manila, bilib ak met ken-yam. 
Ibagam man ken ni Jake(Jacob) kumasta ka kano imbangga ni Artie  ken ni 
Kahoy. 

Larry A. - thanks again, still crazy like me, after all these years. Hello 
kay Joyce! Remember, "wholesome" and "family" oriented pagnilabas n'yo si 
Lolo! 

Salvador - thanks for the ride Captain (sa car, hindi sa plane). Sorry you 
missed the second outing. After cancelling twice, natuloy din. 

Ben T. - ammok tat tan no apay "Good Time" ti nagan mo ken ni Tics, man, 
salamat manen! The Business Manager of Business Managers 

Raul, Raul, Raul - As you said "Hayaan mo walang makaka-kilala sa iyo. At 
saka you are going back to the US"...Wrong! Noong Sunday, 
a week after sa UP Los Banos, after my wife's cousins sang Happy Birthday sa 
Uncle nila and to my wife, one of the cousins came up to me and said, "alam 
mo, nakita na kita". To which I replied, "I haven't been back since '94". 
Tapos sabi n'ya, "Hindi, noong Friday, sa Siete Pecados kasama mo yung 
Business Manager ng banda, Ben Tango at saka yung Batch 75 ng Science". 
Patay! Nakakahiya! Now I wonder if kapit bahay ko rin yung chick na 
balikbayan on the next table. 
By the way, I hope the second outing was not taped since it was very 
"family" oriented. All joking aside, thanks for everything including sa limo 
service (ayaan mo, I toll you driver about your harem from coast to coast sa 
US). 
By the way you never told me kung sino yung tinitignan mo sa San Ramon pics 
na inuwi ko. All you said was may "Y" sa name and may "A" and "M" too! But 
Jaime is spelled with an "I" and an "E", walang "Y". 

Marvin - maong ta nan neneng ta lamit agik! Baleg ka nid s'yak  natan! 
Salamat lamet for the info on the Toro Hills gang. Please write your brother 
sa Daly City. I will try to see him December during our family reunion. 
Maybe drag him with us. PEACE man PEACE!!! 


Larry C. - nice talking to you. Pareho lang ata tayong my "ASK-MA" (ask ma 
wife kung pwede akong lumabas (juk onlee!) 

Irene - sorry, did not get to see you. Si Connie kasi napu-putol yung call 
sa cell n'ya, si Irene Cara yung dina-dial n'ya, hindi Cruz. 

Hope the shirts were not too big ladies. And guys, suot n'yo naman yung caps 
para makilala ko kayo. The city of Champions, the city of Angels, Lakers 
forever! 


Pics to come soon!!! 

Shopping and good food, nothing like home! Villa Escadero, Hundred Islands, 
Tagaytay, Baguio, Los Banos, Luneta, Nayong Pilipit na, Baclaran, Project 8, 
Quezon Avenue, Mega Mall, Festival Mall, South Mall, Metropolis, Larieta, 
Hard Rock & Starbucks, lanzones, atis, santol, friends and relatives, mainit 
and malagkit!  What happen nga lang, can't see QCSCI? I pointed to Ashley 
where I went to school and she said "where? in the mall???" SM City is all 
you see! 

Thank you, 
Art 


