--- On Thu, 4/16/09, fidel luna <f.luna@futurepipe. com> wrote:


From: fidel luna <f.luna@futurepipe. com>
Subject: CONNECTIONS
To: qcshs-75-alumni@ yahoogroups. com, qcshs75@yahoo. com
Cc: "Fidel Luna" <luna.fidel27@ yahoo.com>
Date: Thursday, April 16, 2009, 6:00 AM


Pwede nyong idagdag sa Then & Now pictures ng batch ’75 kung magagawan ng paraan ang attached pictures from me.

 

As I mentioned before, me and my family has been a residence of Doha , Qatar since July 2005.

The company I’m working with has to transfer me because a new Future Pipe Industries factory was set up in Qatar . We were in Dubai from Feb 1996 to July 2005.

 

From 1982 to Dec. 1995, I was in Al Khobar, KSA. For the 1st 5 years, I was with FLUOR Int’l assigned in ARAMCO, working with Survey Services Division, Land Survey Section. Natatandaan ko na nagkaroon kami ng communication ni Pakong during that period. Tapos noon wala na.

The last 8 years in Saudi Arabia was spent with KHATIB & ALAMI Saudi Consolidated Engineering Company. This is a consulting engineering firm. Nasa Civil Eng’g Dept. ako noon at lahat ng Home Ownership Projects ng ARAMCO ay halos ako ang gumawa. More on site developments and Town Planning ang involvement ko. From raw lands hanggang sa subdivided lots with ready utilities connection.

 

Nabore din ako sa Saudi dahil hindi nag-workout with my family to be with me there. Mahirap para sa mga babae doon. Kung sa lalaki nga ay nahirap.

 

Kasalukuyang ginagawa namin ang Highway Design ng road between Hofuf & Shuwaibah for the Mega Desalination Plant Project ng mag-resign ako in 1995. I was invited by Future Pipe Industries to start & open up an Engineering Dept. in Dubai kaya doon na uli nakasama ang family ko. Doon na rin ipinanganak at lumaki yung GREEN at yung WHITE.

 

Sa ngayon nandito na nga kami sa Doha naman. Sooner, my eldest son RED, who just graduated in college last April 4, will join us here.

 

Nasasabik akong makabalita sa iba sa inyo.

 

‘hope to hear from each one.

 

Regards

 

Fidel

 